

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-15-014383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150730
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANDEC CORP \CA\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS
 MATERIALS
 SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				943025618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0529
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27446
		FILM NUMBER:		151017691
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3603 HAVEN AVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503061650
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3603 HAVEN AVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025













Washington
 D.C. 20549









For the Fiscal Year Ended May 31
 2015
 or
































Menlo Park
 California 94025


Registrant&#39;s telephone number
 including area code:



















Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.





Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).








Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. __

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.








The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $344
754
000 as of November 30
 2014
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter


 17
 2015
 there were 27
009
342 shares of Common Stock outstanding.



Portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement relating to its October 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which statement will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report
 are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.








































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




























































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence







































This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words such as &#8220;projected
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;assumes&#8221; and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are made based upon current expectations and projections about our business and assumptions made by our management and are not guarantees of future performance
 nor do we assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements after the date this report is filed. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for many reasons
 including the risk factors listed in Item 1A. &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and the factors discussed below.



Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries (&#8220;Landec&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) design
 develop
 manufacture and sell differentiated products for food and biomaterials markets and license technology applications to partners. The Company is focused on health and wellness solutions and applications within the packaged food and biomaterial markets. In our Apio
 Inc. (&#8220;Apio&#8221;) food business
 we are committed to offering healthy
 fresh produce products conveniently packaged to consumers. Apio also exports whole fruit and vegetables
 predominantly to Asia through its subsidiary
 Cal Ex Trading Company (&#8220;Cal-Ex&#8221;). In our Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&#8220;Lifecore&#8221;) biomaterials business
 we commercialize products that enable people to stay more active as they grow older. 

Landec&#8217;s food and biomaterials businesses utilize polymer chemistry technology
 a key differentiating factor. Both core businesses focus on business-to-business selling such as selling directly to retail grocery store chains and club stores for Apio and directly to large ophthalmic suppliers for Lifecore. Both core businesses also benefit from the momentum that underlies consumer interest in healthy living - eating better and staying active.

Within our two core businesses
 Landec has three operating segments &#8211; Food Products Technology
 Food Export and HA-based Biomaterials
 each of which is described below. Financial information concerning each of these segments for fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013 is summarized in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Apio operates our Food Products Technology business
 which combines our proprietary BreatheWay&#174; food packaging technology with the capabilities of a large national food supplier and value-added produce processor which sells products under the Eat Smart&#174; and GreenLine&#174; brands and under private labels. In Apio&#8217;s value-added operations
 produce is processed by trimming
 washing
 mixing
Brands International
 Inc. (&#8220;Chiquita&#8221;) for packaging and distribution of bananas and to Windset Holding 2010 Ltd.
 a Canadian corporation (&#8220;Windset&#8221;)
 for packaging of greenhouse grown cucumbers and peppers.



Lifecore operates our HA-based Biomaterials business and is principally involved in the manufacture of pharmaceutical-grade sodium hyaluronate (&#8220;HA&#8221;) products. Sodium hyaluronate is a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix in animals and humans. Based upon Lifecore&#8217;s expertise working with highly viscous HA
 the Company also specializes in aseptic filling services
 as a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO)
 for difficult to handle (viscous) medicines filled in finished dose syringes. 

Landec was incorporated in California on October 31
 1986 and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation on November 6
 2008. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;LNDC&#8221;.









The Company has two proprietary polymer technology platforms: 1) Intelimer&#174; materials
 which are the key technology behind our BreatheWay membrane technology
The Company&#8217;s polymer technologies
 its customer relationships and trade names and its strong channels of distribution
 are the foundation and key differentiating advantages on which Landec has built its business. 



Intelimer polymers are crystalline
 hydrophobic polymers that use a temperature switch to control and modulate properties such as viscosity
C) and the changes resulting from the temperature switch are relatively easy to maintain in industrial and commercial environments. For instance
 Intelimer polymers can change within the range of one or two degrees Celsius from a non-adhesive state to a highly tacky
 adhesive state; from an impermeable state to a highly permeable state; or from a solid state to a viscous liquid state. 

Landec&#39;s proprietary polymer technology is based on the structure and phase behavior of Intelimer materials. The abrupt thermal transitions of specific Intelimer materials are achieved through the controlled use of hydrocarbon side chains that are attached to a polymer backbone. Below a pre-determined switch temperature
 the polymer&#39;s side chains align through weak hydrophobic interactions resulting in a crystalline structure. When this side chain crystallizable polymer is heated to
 or above
 this switch temperature
 these interactions are disrupted and the polymer is transformed into an amorphous
 viscous state. Because this transformation involves a physical and not a chemical change
 this process can be repeatedly reversible. Landec can set the polymer switch temperature anywhere between 0&#176;

Landec&#39;s Intelimer materials are readily available and are generally synthesized from long side-chain acrylic monomers that are derived primarily from natural materials such as coconut and palm oils that are highly purified and designed to be manufactured economically through known synthetic processes. These acrylic-monomer raw materials are then polymerized by Landec leading to many different side-chain crystallizable polymers whose properties vary depending upon the initial materials and the synthetic process. Intelimer materials can be made into many different forms
 including films
 coatings
 microcapsules and discrete forms. Intelimer polymers are the coatings on the substrate used to form our BreatheWay membranes.



Certain types of fresh-cut and whole produce can spoil or discolor rapidly when packaged in conventional packaging materials and
 therefore
 are limited in their ability to be distributed broadly to markets. The Company&#8217;s proprietary BreatheWay packaging technology utilizes Landec&#8217;s Intelimer polymer technology to naturally extend the shelf life and quality of fresh-cut and whole produce.

After harvesting
 vegetables and fruit continue to respire
 consuming oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide. Too much or too little oxygen can result in premature spoilage and decay. The respiration rate of produce varies for each fruit and vegetable. Conventional packaging films used today
 such as polyethylene and polypropylene
 can be made with modest permeability to oxygen and carbon dioxide
 but often do not provide the optimal atmosphere for the packaged produce. To achieve optimal product performance
 each fruit or vegetable requires its own unique package atmosphere conditions. The challenge facing the industry is to develop packaging that meets the highly variable needs that each product requires in order to achieve value-creating performance. The Company believes that its BreatheWay packaging technology possesses all of the critical functionalities required to serve this diverse market. In creating a product package
 a BreatheWay membrane is applied over a small cutout section or an aperture of a flexible film bag or plastic tray. This highly permeable &#8220;window&#8221; acts as the mechanism to provide the majority of the gas transmission requirements for the entire package. These membranes are designed to provide three principal benefits:







 Landec&#39;s BreatheWay packaging technology is designed to permit transmission of oxygen and carbon dioxide at 300 to 1
000 times the rate of conventional packaging films. The Company thinks that these higher permeability levels will facilitate the packaging diversity required to market many types of fresh-cut and whole produce in many package sizes and configurations.

can be tailored with carbon dioxide to oxygen transfer ratios ranging from 1.0 to 12.0 to selectively transmit oxygen and carbon dioxide at optimum rates to sustain the quality and shelf life of packaged produce. Other high permeability packaging materials
 such as micro-perforated films cannot differentially control carbon dioxide permeability
 resulting in sub-optimal package atmosphere conditions for many produce products.

 Landec has developed breathable membranes that can be designed to increase or decrease permeability in response to environmental temperature changes. The Company has developed packaging that responds to higher oxygen requirements at elevated temperatures but is also reversible
 and returns to its original state as temperatures decline. As the respiration rate of fresh produce also increases with temperature
 the BreatheWay membrane&#8217;s temperature responsiveness allows packages to compensate for the change in produce respiration by automatically adjusting gas permeation rates. By doing so
 detrimental package atmosphere conditions are avoided and improved quality is maintained through the distribution chain.



Sodium hyaluronate is a non-crystalline
 hydrophilic polymer that exists naturally as part of the extracellular matrix in many tissues within the human body
 most notably within the aqueous humor of the eye
 synovial fluid
 skin and umbilical cord. The viscoelastic properties and water solubility of HA make it ideal for medical applications where space maintenance
 lubricity or tissue protection are critical. Because of its widespread presence in tissues
 its critical role in normal physiology
 and its high degree of biocompatibility
 the Company believes that hyaluronan will continue to be used in existing applications and for an increasing variety of other medical applications.

Sodium hyaluronate can primarily be produced in two ways
 either through bacterial fermentation or through extraction from rooster combs. Lifecore produces HA only from fermentation
 using an extremely efficient microbial fermentation process and a highly effective purification operation. 

Sodium hyaluronate was first demonstrated to have commercial medical utility as a viscoelastic solution in cataract surgery. In this application
 it is used for maintaining the space in the anterior chamber and protecting corneal tissue during the removal and implantation of intraocular lenses. The first ophthalmic HA product
 produced by extraction from rooster comb tissue
 became commercially available in the United States in 1981. In 1985
 Lifecore introduced the bacterial fermentation process to manufacture premium HA and received patent protection until 2002. HA-based products
 produced either by rooster comb extraction or by fermentation processes such as Lifecore&#8217;s
 have since gained widespread acceptance in ophthalmology and are currently used in the majority of cataract extraction procedures in the world. HA has also become a significant component in several products used in orthopedics. Lifecore&#8217;s HA is used as a viscous carrier for allogeneic freeze-dried demineralized bone used in spinal surgery
 and as the active component of devices to treat the symptoms of osteoarthritis
 and as a component to provide increased lubricity to medical devices. Lifecore&#8217;s HA has also been utilized in veterinary drug applications to treat traumatic arthritis.



In this Description of Business Segments section
 &#8220;Apio&#8221; and the &#8220;Food Products Technology business&#8221; will be used interchangeably; however
 when describing Apio&#8217;s export business it will be referred to as the &#8220;Food Export business&#8221;.









The Food Products Technology business had revenues of $430 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015
 $361 million for the fiscal year ended May 25
 2014 and $320 million for the fiscal year ended May 26
 2013.

Based in Guadalupe
 California
 Apio&#8217;s primary business is fresh-cut and whole value-added products typically packaged in our proprietary BreatheWay packaging. Apio&#8217;s fresh-cut value-added products business markets a variety of fresh-cut and whole vegetables to the top retail grocery chains
 club stores and food service operators. During the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015
 Apio shipped approximately 32 million cartons of produce to its customers throughout North America
 primarily in the United States.

Most vegetable products packaged in our BreatheWay packaging have 17 to 20 days of shelf life. In addition to packaging innovation
 Landec&#8217;s Apio food business develops innovative blends and combinations of vegetables that are sold in flexible film bags or rigid trays. More recently
 the Company has launched a family of salad kits that are comprised of &#8220;superfood&#8221; mixtures of vegetables with healthy toppings/dressings. The launch of the first of these products called Sweet Kale Salad has broken all of Apio&#8217;s records for speed of adoption with weekly sales of over $2 million as of May 2015. Additionally
 we have launched several other superfood salad kits including Ginger Bok Choy
 Wild Greens and Quinoa
 Beets and Greens
. More and more consumers are beginning to make better food choices in their schools
 homes and in restaurants and that is where our superfood products can fit into consumers daily healthy food choices.

In addition to proprietary packaging technology and a strong new product development pipeline
 the Company has strong channels of distribution throughout North America with retail grocery store chains and club stores. Landec has one or more of its products in approximately 70% of all retail and club store sites in North America giving us a strong platform for introducing new products.












Landec is working with leaders in club stores
 retail grocery chains and food service customers. The Company thinks it will have growth opportunities for the next several years through new customers and the introduction of innovative products in the United States
 expansion of its existing customer relationships
 and export and shipment of specialty packaged produce. 



 Apio has structured its business as a marketer and seller of branded and private label fresh-cut and whole value-added produce. It is focused on selling products under its Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and private label brands for its fresh-cut and whole value-added products. As retail grocery chains
 club stores and food service operators consolidate
 Apio is well positioned as a single source of a broad range of products. 

 Apio reduces its farming risk by not taking ownership of farmland
 and instead
 contracts with growers for produce and during certain times of the year
 enters into joint ventures with growers for produce. The year-round sourcing of produce is a key component to the fresh-cut and whole value-added processing business.

 Apio has strategically invested in the rapidly growing fresh-cut and whole value-added business. Apio&#8217;s value-added processing plant in Guadalupe
 CA
 is automated with state-of-the-art vegetable processing equipment. Apio operates one large central processing facility in one of the lowest cost growing regions in California
 the Santa Maria Valley
 and for the majority of its non-green bean vegetable business
 uses its packaging technology for nationwide delivery. With the acquisition of GreenLine
 Apio now has three East Coast processing facilities and five East Coast distribution centers for nationwide delivery of green beans and Apio has begun processing non-green bean products in one of its East Coast processing facilities to meet the next-day delivery needs of customers. 

 Apio
technology
 is introducing new value-added products each year. These new product offerings range from various sizes of fresh-cut bagged products
 to vegetable trays
 to whole produce
 to vegetable salads and to snack packs. During the last twelve months
 Apio has introduced nine new unique products.

With the acquisition of GreenLine
 Apio now has products in approximately 70% of all U.S. retail grocery stores. This gives Apio the opportunity to cross sell Eat Smart value-added products to GreenLine customers and GreenLine value-added products to Eat Smart customers.



The Company thinks that hydroponically grown produce using Windset&#8217;s (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company&#8217;s investment in Windset) know-how and growing practices will result in higher yields with competitive growing costs that will provide dependable year round supply to Windset&#8217;s customers. In addition
 the produce grown in Windset&#8217;s greenhouses has a very high safety profile as no soil is used in the growing process. Windset owns and operates greenhouses in British Columbia
 Canada and in Nevada and California. In addition to growing produce in its own greenhouses
 Windset has numerous marketing arrangements with other greenhouse growers and utilizes buy/sell arrangements to meet fluctuation in demand from their customers. 



Food Export revenues consist of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia through Apio&#8217;s export business
 Cal-Ex. The Food Export business is a commission-based buy/sell business that typically realizes a gross margin in the 5-10% range.







The Food Export business had revenues of $68 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015
 $70 million for the fiscal year ended May 25
 2014 and $79 million for the fiscal year ended May 26
 2013.

Apio is strategically positioned with Cal-Ex to benefit from the growing population and wealth in Asia and other parts of the world over the next decade. Through Cal-Ex
 Apio is currently one of the largest U.S. exporters of broccoli to Asia. Other large export items include apples
 grapes
 stonefruit and citrus.



Our HA-based Biomaterials business operates through our Lifecore subsidiary. Lifecore had revenues of $40 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015
 $46 million for the fiscal year ended May 25
 2014 and $41 million for the fiscal year ended May 26
 2013.

Americans are 65 years of age or older and this trend is going to accelerate dramatically over the upcoming years. As our population ages
 eye surgeries such as cataract surgeries
 will increase and patients will increasingly seek joint therapy as cartilage and soft tissue deteriorates. HA injections are a primary course of treatment for such conditions and Lifecore has built a leadership position in the markets it serves. The World Health Organization estimates that by 2020
 32 million cataract operations will be performed worldwide
Lifecore&#8217;s expertise includes its ability to ferment
 separate
 purify
 and aseptically fill HA for injectable product use. In addition to ophthalmic and orthopedic uses
 veterinary medicine is another application for Lifecore&#8217;s HA. Lifecore leverages its fermentation process to manufacture premium
 pharmaceutical-grade HA and uses its aseptic filling capabilities to also deliver private-labeled HA finished products to its customers. Lifecore sells its products through partners in the U.S.
 Europe and South America. Lifecore has built its reputation as a premium supplier of HA. 

Lifecore&#8217;s products are primarily sold to strategic marketing partners for use in three medical areas: (1) Ophthalmic
 (2) Orthopedic and (3) Veterinary. In addition
 Lifecore provides product development services to its partners for HA-based
 as well as non-HA based
 fermented products and aseptically formulated products. These services include activities such as tech transfer
 material component changes
 analytical method development
 pilot studies
 stability studies
 process validation
 and clinical production. 

By leveraging its fermentation process and aseptic formulation and filling expertise
 Lifecore has become a leader in the supply of HA-based products for multiple applications
 and has taken advantage of non-HA device and drug opportunities by leveraging its expertise in manufacturing and aseptic syringe filling capabilities. Elements of Lifecore&#8217;s strategy include the following: 

 Lifecore will continue to develop applications for products with partners who have strong marketing
 sales and distribution capabilities to end-user markets. Through its strong reputation and history of providing pharmaceutical grade HA and products
 Lifecore has been able to establish long-term relationships with the market leading ophthalmic surgical companies
 and leverages those partnerships to attract new relationships in other medical markets.

. Due to the growing knowledge of the unique characteristics of HA
 and the role it plays in normal physiology
 Lifecore continues to identify and pursue opportunities for the use of HA in other medical applications
 such as wound care
 aesthetic surgery
 drug delivery
 device coatings and through pharmaceutical sales to academic and corporate research customers. Further applications may involve expanding process development activity and/or additional licensing of technology. 









Lifecore&#8217;s vertically integrated development and manufacturing capabilities allow it to establish a variety of contractual relationships with global corporate partners. Lifecore&#8217;s role in these relationships extends from supplying HA raw materials to providing tech transfer and development services to manufacturing aseptically-packaged
 finished sterile products and to assuming full supply chain responsibilities. 



Intelimer&#174;
 Landec&#174;
 Apio&#8482;
 Eat Smart&#174;
 BreatheWay&#174;
 GreenLine&#174;
 Clearly Fresh&#8482;
 Lifecore&#174;
 LUROCOAT



Apio is supported by dedicated sales and marketing resources. Apio has 42 sales and marketing employees
 located in central California and throughout the U.S.
 supporting the Food Products Technology business and the Food Export business. During fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013
 sales to the Company&#8217;s top five customers accounted for approximately 46%
 42% and 40%
 respectively
 of its revenues
 with the top two customers
 both from the Food Products Technology segment
 Costco Wholesale Corporation (&#8220;Costco&#8221;) which accounted for approximately 21%
 21%
 and 16%
 respectively
 and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&#8220;Wal-mart&#8221;) which accounted for approximately 11%
 11%
 and 13%
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s revenues. A loss of either of these customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business.

Lifecore sells products to partners under supply agreements and also through distribution agreements. Excluding research sales
 Lifecore does not sell to end users and
 therefore
 does not have the traditional infrastructure of a dedicated sales force and marketing employees and its name recognition allows Lifecore to attract new customers and offer its services with a minimal marketing and sales infrastructure.



Apio&#8217;s sales are seasonal. The Food Products Technology business can be affected by seasonal weather factors
 such as the high cost of sourcing product due to a shortage of essential value-added produce items
 which have impacted quarterly results in the past. The Food Export business also typically recognizes a much higher percentage of its revenues and profit during the first half of Landec&#8217;s fiscal year compared to the second half. Lifecore&#8217;s business is not significantly affected by seasonality.





products is comprised of polymer manufacturing
 membrane manufacturing and label package conversion. A third party toll manufacturer currently makes virtually all of the polymers for the BreatheWay packaging system. Select outside contractors currently manufacture the breathable membranes
 and Apio performs the label package conversion in its various processing facilities.

Apio processes a large majority of its fresh-cut
 value-added non-green bean products in its processing facility located in Guadalupe
 California. Cooling of produce is done through third parties and Apio Cooling LP
 a separate consolidated subsidiary in which Apio has a 60% ownership interest and is the general partner.







Apio processes its fresh-cut
 value-added green bean products in four processing plants located in Guadalupe
 California; Bowling Green
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; and Vero Beach
 Florida.



The commercial production of HA by Lifecore requires fermentation
 separation and purification capabilities. Products are supplied in a variety of bulk and single dose configurations. 

Lifecore produces its HA through a bacterial fermentation process. Medical grade HA was initially commercially available only through an extraction process from rooster combs. Lifecore believes that the fermentation manufacturing approach is superior to rooster comb extraction because of greater efficiency and flexibility
 a more favorable long-term regulatory environment
 and better economies of scale in producing large commercial quantities. Today&#8217;s HA competitors are primarily utilizing a fermentation process. 

Lifecore&#8217;s 114
000 square foot facility in Chaska
 Minnesota is used primarily for the HA manufacturing process
 formulation and aseptic syringe and bulk filling. The Company considers that the current inventory on-hand
 together with its manufacturing capacity
 will be sufficient to allow it to meet the needs of its current customers for the foreseeable future. 

Lifecore provides versatility in the manufacturing of various types of finished products. It supplies several different forms of HA in a variety of molecular weight fractions as powders
 solutions and gels
 and in a variety of bulk and single-use finished packages. Lifecore continues to conduct development work designed to improve production efficiencies and expand its capabilities to achieve a wider range of HA product specifications in order to address the broadening opportunities for using HA in medical applications. 

The FDA inspects the Company&#8217;s manufacturing systems periodically and requires compliance with the FDA&#8217;s Quality System Regulation (&#8220;QSR&#8221;). In addition
Lifecore also periodically contracts with independent regulatory consultants to conduct audits of its operations.&nbsp; Similar to other manufacturers subject to regulatory and customer specific requirements
 Lifecore&#8217;s facility was designed to meet applicable regulatory requirements and has been cleared for the manufacturing of both device and pharmaceutical products. The Company maintains a Quality System which complies with applicable standards and regulations: FDA Medical Device Quality System requirements (21 CFR 820); FDA Drug Good Manufacturing Practices (21 CFR 210-211); European Union Good Manufacturing Practices (EudraLex Volume 4); Medical Device Quality Management System (ISO 13485); European Medical Device Directive; Canadian Medical Device Regulations; International Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (ICH Q7)
 and Australian Therapeutic Goods Regulations).&nbsp;&nbsp;Compliance with these international standards of quality greatly assists in the marketing of Lifecore&#8217;s products globally.



Several of the raw materials used in manufacturing certain of the Company&#8217;s products are currently purchased from a single source. Although to date the Company has not experienced difficulty acquiring materials for the manufacture of its products
 no assurance can be given that interruptions in supplies will not occur in the future
 that the Company will be able to obtain substitute vendors
 or that the Company will be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time. Any such interruption of supply could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s ability to manufacture and distribute its products and
 consequently
 could materially and adversely affect the Company&#8217;s business
 operating results and financial condition.



Landec is focusing its research and development resources on both existing and new product applications. Expenditures for research and development for the fiscal years ended May 31
 2015
 May 25
 2014 and May 26
 2013 were $7.0 million
 $7.2 million and $9.3 million
 respectively. Research and development expenditures funded by corporate or governmental partners were zero during fiscal years 2015 and 2014 and $688
000 during fiscal year 2013. The Company may seek funds for applied materials research programs from U.S. government agencies as well as from commercial entities. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain its competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative
 high-quality products and services. As of May 31
 2015
 Landec had 64 employees engaged in research and development with experience in polymer and analytical chemistry
 product application
 product formulation
 and mechanical and chemical engineering.









The Company operates in highly competitive and rapidly evolving fields
 and new developments are expected to continue at a rapid pace. Competition from large food processors
 packaging companies
 and medical and pharmaceutical companies is intense. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing capabilities than the Company
 and many have substantially greater experience in conducting field trials
 obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing commercial products. There can be no assurance that these competitors will not succeed in developing alternative technologies and products that are more effective
 easier to use or less expensive than those which have been or are being developed by the Company or that would render the Company&#39;s technology and products obsolete and non-competitive. 



The Company&#39;s success depends in large part on its ability to obtain patents
 maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. The Company has had 48 U.S. patents issued of which 33 remain active as of May 31
 2015 with expiration dates ranging from 2015 to 2031. There can be no assurance that any of the pending patent applications will be approved
 that the Company will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable
 that any patents issued to the Company will provide the Company with competitive advantages or will not be challenged by any third parties or that the patents of others will not prevent the commercialization of products incorporating the Company&#39;s technology. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop similar products
 duplicate any of the Company&#39;s products or design around the Company&#39;s patents. Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 operating results and financial condition. 

The commercial success of the Company will also depend
 in part
 on its ability to avoid infringing patents issued to others. If the Company were determined to be infringing any third party patent
 the Company could be required to pay damages
 alter its products or processes
 obtain licenses or cease certain activities. In addition
 if patents are issued to others which contain claims that compete or conflict with those of the Company and such competing or conflicting claims are ultimately determined to be valid
 the Company may be required to pay damages
 to obtain licenses to these patents
 to develop or obtain alternative technology or to cease using such technology. If the Company is required to obtain any licenses
 there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so on commercially favorable terms
 if at all. The Company&#39;s failure to obtain a license to any technology that it may require to commercialize its products could have a material adverse impact on the Company&#39;s business
 operating results and financial condition. 



Government regulation in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the marketing of certain of the Company&#8217;s products and in the Company&#8217;s ongoing research and development activities. Some of the Company&#8217;s products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA
 which regulates some of the products as medical devices and which
 in some cases
 requires Pre-Market Approval (&#8220;PMA&#8221;)
 and by foreign countries
 which regulate some of the products as medical devices or drugs. Under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act (&#8220;FDC Act&#8221;)
 the FDA regulates the clinical testing
 manufacturing
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and promotion of medical devices in the United States. 







Other regulatory requirements are placed on the manufacture
 processing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 recordkeeping and reporting of a medical device and on the quality control procedures
 such as the FDA&#8217;s device QSR regulations. Manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA to assure compliance with device QSR requirements
 along with pre-approval inspection (PAI) for PMA product introduction. Lifecore&#8217;s facility is subject to inspections as both a device and a drug manufacturing operation. For PMA devices
 the Company that owns the product submission is required to submit an annual report and to obtain approval of a PMA supplement for modifications to the device or its labeling. Other applicable FDA requirements include the medical device reporting (&#8220;MDR&#8221;) regulation
 which requires that the Company provide information to the FDA regarding deaths or serious injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of its devices
 as well as product malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. 



As of May 31
 2015
 Landec had 550 full-time employees
 of whom 442 were dedicated to research
 development
 manufacturing
 quality control and regulatory affairs and 108 were dedicated to sales
 marketing and administrative activities. Landec intends to recruit additional personnel in connection with the development
 manufacturing and marketing of its products. None of Landec&#39;s employees are represented by a union
 and Landec considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 



Landec&#8217;s website is http://www.landec.com. Landec makes available free of charge its annual
 quarterly and current reports
 and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report.



Landec desires to take advantage of the &#8220;Safe Harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and of Section 21E and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically
 Landec wishes to alert readers that the following important factors could in the future affect
 and in the past have affected
 Landec&#8217;s actual results and could cause Landec&#8217;s results for future periods to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Landec. Landec assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.



Our Food Products Technology business is subject to weather conditions that affect commodity prices
 crop quality and yields
 and decisions by growers regarding crops to be planted. Crop diseases and severe conditions
 particularly weather conditions such as unexpected or excessive rain or other precipitation
 unseasonable temperature fluctuations
 floods
 droughts
 frosts
 windstorms
 earthquakes and hurricanes
 may adversely affect the supply of vegetables and fruits used in our business
 which could reduce the sales volumes and/or increase the unit production costs. Because a significant portion of the costs are fixed and contracted in advance of each operating year
 volume declines reflecting production interruptions or other factors could result in increases in unit production costs which could result in substantial losses and weaken our financial condition.



We have an infrastructure that has sufficient capacity for our on-going production needs
 but if we lose machinery or facilities due to natural disasters or mechanical failure
 we may not be able to operate at a sufficient capacity to meet our production needs. This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 which could impact our results of operations and our financial condition.









In the past
 our results of operations have fluctuated significantly from quarter to quarter and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. Apio can be affected by seasonal and weather factors which have impacted our financial results in the past due to shortages of essential value-added produce items. In addition
 the quarterly fair market value change in our Windset investment can fluctuate substantially quarter to quarter. Our earnings may also fluctuate based on our ability to collect accounts receivable from customers and notes receivable from growers and on price fluctuations in the fresh vegetable and fruit markets. Other factors that affect our operations include:

our ability and our growers ability to obtain an adequate supply of labor


our growers ability to obtain an adequate supply of water
 

the seasonality and availability of our supplies


our ability to process produce during critical harvest periods


the timing and effects of ripening


the degree of perishability


the effectiveness of worldwide distribution systems


total worldwide industry volumes


the seasonality and timing of consumer demand


foreign currency fluctuations
 and



As a result of these and other factors
 we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in quarterly operating results.



Our success in generating significant sales of our products depends in part on our ability and that of our partners and licensees to achieve market acceptance of our new products and technology. The extent to which
 and rate at which
 we achieve market acceptance and penetration of our current and future products is a function of many variables including
 but not limited to:

price


safety


efficacy


reliability


conversion costs


regulatory approvals


marketing and sales efforts
 and



We may not be able to develop and introduce new products and technologies in a timely manner or new products and technologies may not gain market acceptance. We or our partners/customers are in the early stage of product commercialization of certain Intelimer-based specialty packaging
 HA-based products and other Intelimer polymer products. We expect that our future growth will depend in large part on our or our partners/customers ability to develop and market new products in our target markets and in new markets. In particular
 we expect that our ability to compete effectively with existing food products companies will depend substantially on developing
 commercializing
 achieving market acceptance of and reducing the cost of producing our products. In addition
 commercial applications of our temperature switch polymer technology are relatively new and evolving. Our failure to develop new products or the failure of our new products to achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.









Competitors may succeed in developing alternative technologies and products that are more effective
 easier to use or less expensive than those which have been or are being developed by us or that would render our technology and products obsolete and non-competitive. We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving fields
 and new developments are expected to continue at a rapid pace. Competition from large food products
 industrial
 medical and pharmaceutical companies is expected to be intense. In addition
 the nature of our collaborative arrangements may result in our corporate partners and licensees becoming our competitors. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing capabilities than we do
 and may have substantially greater experience in conducting clinical and field trials
 obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing commercial products.



Any disruptions in our primary manufacturing operation at Apio&#8217;s facilities in Guadalupe
 California or Bowling Green
 Ohio or Lifecore&#8217;s facility in Chaska
 Minnesota would reduce our ability to sell our products and would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Additionally
 we may need to consider seeking collaborative arrangements with other companies to manufacture our products. If we become dependent upon third parties for the manufacture of our products
 our profit margins and our ability to develop and deliver those products on a timely basis may be adversely affected. Failures by third parties may impair our ability to deliver products on a timely basis and impair our competitive position. We may not be able to continue to successfully operate our manufacturing operations at acceptable costs
 with acceptable yields
 and retain adequately trained personnel. 



We may experience difficulty acquiring materials or services for the manufacture of our products or we may not be able to obtain substitute vendors. In addition
 we may not be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time. Several services that are provided to Apio are obtained from a single provider. Several of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products are currently purchased from a single source
 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers
 substrate materials for our breathable membrane products and raw materials for our HA products. Any interruption of our relationship with single-source suppliers or service providers could delay product shipments and materially harm our business.



The successful integration of new business acquisitions may require substantial effort from the Company&#39;s management. The diversion of the attention of management and any difficulties encountered in the transition process could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The successful combination of new businesses also requires coordination of research and development activities
 manufacturing
 sales and marketing efforts. In addition
 the process of combining organizations located in different geographic regions could cause the interruption of
 or a loss of momentum in
 the Company&#39;s activities. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain key management
 technical
 sales and customer support personnel
 or that the Company will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions
 and the failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 results of operations and financial condition.









We may receive notices from third parties
 including some of our competitors
 claiming infringement by our products of their patent and other proprietary rights. Regardless of their merit
 responding to any such claim could be time-consuming
 result in costly litigation and require us to enter royalty and licensing agreements which may not be offered or available on terms acceptable to us. If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology
 we could be required to alter our products or processes and our business
 results of operations or financial position could be materially adversely affected. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain patents
 maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. Any pending patent applications we file may not be approved and we may not be able to develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Any patents issued to us may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties. Patents held by others may prevent the commercialization of products incorporating our technology. Furthermore
 others may independently develop similar products
 duplicate our products or design around our patents.



Our products and operations are subject to governmental regulation in the United States and foreign countries. The manufacture of our products is subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. We may not be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive approvals or loss of previously received approvals would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Although we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to comply with all applicable regulations regarding the manufacture and sale of our products and polymer materials
 regulations are always subject to change and depend heavily on administrative interpretations and the country in which the products are sold. Future changes in regulations or interpretations relating to matters such as safe working conditions
 laboratory and manufacturing practices
 environmental controls
 and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances may adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to FDA rules and regulations concerning the safety of the food products handled and sold by Apio
 and the facilities in which they are packed and processed. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements can
 among other things
 result in:

fines
 injunctions
 civil penalties
 and suspensions


withdrawal of regulatory approvals
 

product recalls and product seizures
 including cessation of manufacturing and sales


operating restrictions
 and 



We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with the laws and regulations in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

Our food packaging products are subject to regulation under the FDC Act. Under the FDC Act
 any substance that when used as intended may reasonably be expected to become
 directly or indirectly
 a component or otherwise affect the characteristics of any food may be regulated as a food additive unless the substance is generally recognized as safe. Food packaging materials are generally not considered food additives by the FDA because these products are not expected to become components of food under their expected conditions of use. We consider our breathable membrane product to be a food packaging material not subject to regulation or approval by the FDA. We have not received any communication from the FDA concerning our breathable membrane product. If the FDA were to determine that our breathable membrane products are food additives
 we may be required to submit a food additive petition for approval by the FDA. The food additive petition process is lengthy
 expensive and uncertain. A determination by the FDA that a food additive petition is necessary would have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

Our Food Products Technology business is subject to the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (&#8220;PACA&#8221;). PACA regulates fair trade standards in the fresh produce industry and governs all the products sold by Apio. Our failure to comply with the PACA requirements could among other things
 result in civil penalties
 suspension or revocation of a license to sell produce
 and in the most egregious cases
 criminal prosecution
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business.







Lifecore&#8217;s existing products and its products under development are considered to be medical devices and therefore
 require clearance or approval by the FDA before commercial sales can be made in the United States. The products also require the approval of foreign government agencies before sales may be made in many other countries. The process of obtaining these clearances or approvals varies according to the nature and use of the product. It can involve lengthy and detailed safety
 efficacy and clinical studies
 as well as extensive site inspections and lengthy regulatory agency reviews. There can be no assurance that any of the Company&#8217;s clinical studies will show safety or effectiveness; that any of the Company&#8217;s products that require FDA clearance or approval will obtain such clearance or approval on a timely basis
 on terms acceptable to the Company for the purpose of actually marketing the products
 or at all; or that following any such clearance or approval previously unknown problems will not result in restrictions on the marketing of the products or withdrawal of clearance or approval.

In addition
 most of the existing products being sold by Lifecore and its customers are subject to continued regulation by the FDA
 various state agencies and foreign regulatory agencies which regulate manufacturing
 labeling and record keeping procedures for such products. Marketing clearances or approvals by these agencies can be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial clearance or approval. These agencies can also limit or prevent the manufacture or distribution of Lifecore&#8217;s products. A determination that Lifecore is in violation of such regulations could lead to the imposition of civil penalties
 including fines
 product recalls or product seizures
 injunctions
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal sanctions.

Federal
 state and local regulations impose various environmental controls on the use
 storage
 discharge or disposal of toxic
 volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals and gases used in some of our manufacturing processes. Our failure to control the use of
 or to restrict adequately the discharge of
 hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject us to substantial liability or could cause our manufacturing operations to be suspended and changes in environmental regulations may impose the need for additional capital equipment or other requirements.



Our strategy for development
 clinical and field testing
 manufacture
 commercialization and marketing for some of our current and future products includes entering into various collaborations with corporate partners
 licensees and others. We are dependent on our corporate partners to develop
 test
 manufacture and/or market some of our products. Although we believe that our partners in these collaborations have an economic motivation to succeed in performing their contractual responsibilities
 the amount and timing of resources to be devoted to these activities are not within our control. Our partners may not perform their obligations as expected or we may not derive any additional revenue from the arrangements. Our partners may not pay any additional option or license fees to us or may not develop
 market or pay any royalty fees related to products under such agreements. Moreover
 some of the collaborative agreements provide that they may be terminated at the discretion of the corporate partner
 and some of the collaborative agreements provide for termination under other circumstances. Our partners may pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to our technology. Furthermore
 we may not be able to negotiate additional collaborative arrangements in the future on acceptable terms
 if at all
 and our collaborative arrangements may not be successful.

Our Reputation and Business May Be Harmed if Our Computer Network Security or Any of the Databases Containing Our Trade Secrets
 Proprietary Information or the Personal Information of Our Employees Are Compromised
 Which Could Cause a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations. 

Cyber attacks or security breaches could compromise our confidential business information
 cause a disruption in the Company&#8217;s operations or harm our reputation. We maintain numerous information assets
 including intellectual property
 trade secrets and other sensitive information critical to the operation and success of our business on computer networks
We also maintain confidential information regarding our employees and job applicants
 including personal identification information. The protection of employee and company data in the information technology systems we utilize (including those maintained by third-party providers) is critical. Despite the efforts by us to secure computer networks utilized for our business
 security could be compromised
 confidential information
 such as Company information assets and personally identifiable employee information
 could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. 







In addition
 we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect sensitive Company data being breached or compromised. Furthermore
 actual or anticipated cyber attacks or data breaches may cause significant disruptions to our network operations
 which may impact our ability to deliver shipments or respond to customer needs in a timely or efficient manner.

Data and security breaches could also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including an intentional or inadvertent breach by our employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of confidential information related to our business or personal information of our employees. Any compromise or breach of our computer network security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 costly investigations and litigation and potential regulatory or other actions by governmental agencies. As a result of any of the foregoing
 we could experience adverse publicity
 the compromise of valuable information assets
 loss of sales
 the cost of remedial measures and/or significant expenditures to reimburse third parties for resulting damages
 any of which could adversely impact our brand
 our business and our results of operations.

The Global Economy is Experiencing Continued Volatility
 Which May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business 

In recent years
 the U.S. and international economy and financial markets experienced a significant slowdown and volatility due to uncertainties related to the availability of credit
 energy prices
 difficulties in the banking and financial services sectors
 softness in the housing market
 diminished market liquidity
 geopolitical conflicts
 falling consumer confidence and high unemployment rates. Ongoing volatility in the economy and financial markets could further lead to reduced demand for our products
 which in turn
 would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In particular
 volatility in the global markets have resulted in softer demand and more conservative purchasing decisions by customers
 including a tendency toward lower-priced products
 which could negatively impact our revenues
 gross margins and results of operations. In addition to a reduction in sales
 our profitability may decrease because we may not be able to reduce costs at the same rate as our sales decline. We cannot predict the ultimate severity or length of the current period of volatility
 whether the recent signs of economic recovery will prove sustainable
 or the timing or severity of future economic or industry downturns.

Given the current uncertain economic environment
 our customers
 suppliers and partners may have difficulties obtaining capital at adequate or historical levels to finance their ongoing business and operations
 which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. This may result in lower sales and/or inventory that may not be saleable or bad debt expense for Landec. In addition to the impact of the current market uncertainty on our customers
 some of our vendors and growers may experience a reduction in their availability of funds and cash flows
 which could negatively impact their business as well as ours. A further worsening of the economic environment or continued or increased volatility of the U.S. economy
 including increased volatility in the credit markets
 could adversely impact our customers&#8217; and vendors&#8217; ability or willingness to conduct business with us on the same terms or at the same levels as they have historically. Further
 this economic volatility and uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it challenging for Landec to forecast its operating results
 make business decisions
 and identify the risks that may affect its business
 sources and uses of cash
 financial condition and results of operations.



For fiscal year 2015
 approximately 30% of our total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers. A number of risks are inherent in international transactions. International sales and operations may be limited or disrupted by any of the following:

regulatory approval process


government controls








export license requirements


political instability


price controls


trade restrictions
 

changes in tariffs
 or



Foreign regulatory agencies have or may establish product standards different from those in the United States
 and any inability on our part to obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our international business
 and our financial condition and results of operations. While our foreign sales are currently priced in dollars
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates may reduce the demand for our products by increasing the price of our products in the currency of the countries in which the products are sold. Regulatory
 geopolitical and other factors may adversely impact our operations in the future or require us to modify our current business practices.



During fiscal year 2015
 sales to our top five customers accounted for approximately 46% of our revenues
 with our two largest customers from our Food Products Technology segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately 21% and 11%
 respectively
 of our revenues. We expect that
 for the foreseeable future
 a limited number of customers may continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues. We may experience changes in the composition of our customer base as we have experienced in the past. The reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more major customers for any reason or the loss of one or more of our major customers could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 since some of the products processed by Apio and Lifecore are sole sourced to customers
 our operating results could be adversely affected if one or more of our major customers were to develop other sources of supply. Our current customers may not continue to place orders
 orders by existing customers may be canceled or may not continue at the levels of previous periods or we may not be able to obtain orders from new customers. 



The testing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and sale of the products we develop involve an inherent risk of allegations of product liability. If any of our products were determined or alleged to be contaminated or defective or to have caused a harmful accident to an end-customer
 we could incur substantial costs in responding to complaints or litigation regarding our products and our product brand image could be materially damaged. Such events may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Although we have taken and intend to continue to take what we consider to be appropriate precautions to minimize exposure to product liability claims
 we may not be able to avoid significant liability. We currently maintain product liability insurance. While we think the coverage and limits are consistent with industry standards
 our coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at an acceptable cost
 if at all. A product liability claim
 product recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

Our Stock Price May Fluctuate in Response to Various Conditions
 Many of Which Are Beyond Our Control

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:

technological innovations applicable to our products


our attainment of (or failure to attain) milestones in the commercialization of our technology
 

our development of new products or the development of new products by our competitors


new patents or changes in existing patents applicable to our products
 







our acquisition of new businesses or the sale or disposal of a part of our businesses


development of new collaborative arrangements by us
 our competitors or other parties


changes in government regulations applicable to our business
 

changes in investor perception of our business
 

fluctuations in our operating results
 and 



Fluctuations in our quarterly results may
 particularly if unforeseen
 cause us to miss projections which might result in analysts or investors changing their valuation of our stock.

perations
 

We are committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Nevertheless
 lapses or deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures or in our internal control over financial reporting may occur from time to time. On January 2
 2013
 we reported that our audit committee reached a determination to restate our previously-filed interim financial statements for the quarter ended August 26
 2012 and that our previously-filed interim financial statements for the quarter ended August 26
 2012 should not be relied upon. We also reported management&#8217;s determination that a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting at August 26
 2012. As a result of the material weakness
 management also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at August 26
 2012. 

There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in preventing a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting from occurring in the future. Any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition
 restrict our ability to access the capital markets
 require us to expend resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies
 expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings
 harm our reputation
 or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.



We have been subject in the past
 and may be in the future
 to claims by employees based on allegations of discrimination
 negligence
 harassment and inadvertent employment of undocumented workers or unlicensed personnel
 and we may be subject to payment of workers&#39; compensation claims and other similar claims. We could incur substantial costs and our management could spend a significant amount of time responding to such complaints or litigation regarding employee claims
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

We Are Dependent on Our Key Employees and if One or More of Them Were to Leave
 We Could Experience Difficulties in Replacing Them
 Efficiently or Effectively Transitioning Their Replacements and Our Operating Results Could Suffer

The success of our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service and performance of a relatively small number of key senior management
 technical
 sales
 and marketing personnel. It has been announced that in October 2015 Molly Hemmeter
 Landec&#8217;s current COO
 will become the new CEO of the Company
 succeeding Gary Steele
 who has served as the Company&#8217;s CEO since September 1991 and is retiring as CEO
 but will remain on the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. The loss of any of our key personnel for an extended period would likely harm our business. In addition
 competition for senior level personnel with knowledge and experience in our different lines of business is intense. If any of our key personnel were to leave
 we would need to devote substantial resources and management attention to replace them. As a result
 management attention may be diverted from managing our business
 and we may need to pay higher compensation to replace these employees.









The issuance of shares of preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding stock
 and the holders of such preferred stock could have voting
 dividend
 liquidation and other rights superior to those of holders of our Common Stock.







Our balance sheet includes an amount designated as &#8220;goodwill&#8221; that represents a portion of our assets and our stockholders&#8217; equity. Goodwill arises when an acquirer pays more for a business than the fair value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets. In accordance with accounting guidance
 goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually and more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment. If we determine at any time in the future that the book value of goodwill is higher than fair value then the difference must be written off
 which could materially and adversely affect our reported profitability.







As of May 31
 2015
 the Company owned or leased properties in Menlo Park
 Arroyo Grande and Guadalupe California; Chaska
 Minnesota; Bowling Green and McClure
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; Vero Beach
 Florida; Rock Hill
 South Carolina and Rock Tavern
 New York as described below.






















Menlo Park
 CA








14
600 square feet of office and laboratory space








Chaska
 MN








114
000 square feet of office
 laboratory and manufacturing space 








Guadalupe
 CA








199
000 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage








Bowling Green
 OH








55
900 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage








Hanover
 PA








18
700 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage








Vero Beach
 FL








9
200 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage








Rock Hill
 SC








16
400 square feet of cold storage and office space








Rock Tavern
 NY








7
700 square feet of cold storage and office space&nbsp;








McClure
 OH

















Guadalupe
 CA








105
000 square feet of parking space








Guadalupe
 CA








5
300 square feet of office space








Arroyo Grande
 CA








1
100 square feet of office space







The obligations of the Company under its credit agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. (&#8220;BMO Harris&#8221;) are secured by a lien on the Chaska
 MN land and building. The obligations of the Company under its credit agreement with General Electric Capital Corporation (&#8220;General Electric&#8221;) are secured by a lien on all of the land and buildings of the Food Products Technology segment.



As of the date of this report
 the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings.













Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








Fiscal Year Ended May 31
 2015




















 Quarter ending May 31
 2015










 Quarter ending March 1
 2015










 Quarter ending November 30
 2014










 Quarter ending August 31
 2014












Fiscal Year Ended May 25
 2014




















 Quarter ending May 25
 2014










 Quarter ending February 23
 2014










 Quarter ending November 24
 2013










 Quarter ending August 25
 2013











There were approximately 48 holders of record of 27
009
342 shares of outstanding Common Stock as of July 17
 2015. Since certain holders are listed under their brokerage firm&#8217;s names
 the actual number of stockholders is higher. 



The Company has not paid any dividends on the Common Stock since its inception. The Company presently intends to retain all future earnings
 if any
 for its business and does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future.



There were no shares repurchased by the Company during fiscal years 2015 or 2014. The Company may still repurchase up to $3.8 million of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock under the Company&#8217;s stock repurchase plan announced on July 14
 2010. 



















May 31
 2015






May 25
 2014






May 26
 2013






May 27
 2012






May 29
 2011
















































































































































































































































































Selling
 general and administrative




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































May 31
 2015



May 25
 2014



May 26
 2013



May 27
 2012



May 29
 2011






























































































































































































The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. Except for the historical information contained herein
 the matters discussed in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include
 without limitation
 those mentioned in this report and
 in particular

 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1020  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1020.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1085  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1085.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1096  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1096.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL46  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.1.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.2.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.3.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.lead.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.symb.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.amt.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.7.trail.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.8.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL46.finRow.9.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1152  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1152.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1210  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1210.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1282  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.2.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.8.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1282.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1327  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1327.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1393  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1393.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1450  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1450.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1533  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.2.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.8.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.14.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.15.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1533.finRow.16.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1585  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1585.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1649  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1655  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1661  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1680  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1685  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1769  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.1.lead.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.1.amt.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.1.trail.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.lead.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.amt.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.2.trail.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.3.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.4.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.5.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.6.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1769.finRow.7.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1838  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1845  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1852  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1859  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1865  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1872  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1902  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2054  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.3.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.3.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.3.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.3.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.3.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.14.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.22.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.22.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.22.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.22.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.22.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.23.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.24.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.26.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.27.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.29.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.30.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.32.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.33.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.34.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.35.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.36.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.36.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.36.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.36.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.36.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.38.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.39.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.40.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.41.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.42.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.43.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.44.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2054.finRow.45.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2162  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.9.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.13.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.15.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.20.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.21.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.22.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.23.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.24.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.25.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.27.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.28.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.30.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.31.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2162.finRow.32.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2477  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.1.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.2.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.3.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.6.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.7.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.8.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.9.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.10.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.11.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.12.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.13.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.14.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.15.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.16.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.17.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.18.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.19.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.20.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.21.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.22.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.23.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.24.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.25.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.26.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.27.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.28.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.29.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2477.finRow.30.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2679  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.3.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.5.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.13.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.14.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.15.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.16.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.20.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.21.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.22.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.23.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.24.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.25.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.26.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.27.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.28.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.30.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.31.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.32.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.33.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.34.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.35.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.36.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.38.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.39.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.40.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.41.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.42.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.43.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.44.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.45.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.46.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.47.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.48.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.49.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.50.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.51.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.52.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.53.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.54.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2679.finRow.55.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2770  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2770.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2833  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2833.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2865  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2865.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2998  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.2.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.4.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.6.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2998.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3038  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3038.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3060  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3060.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3090  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3090.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3125  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3125.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3140  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3140.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL92  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.1.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.2.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.3.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.lead.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.symb.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.amt.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.7.trail.B7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.8.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL92.finRow.9.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3222  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.1.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3222.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3277  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3277.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3446  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.2.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.10.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.11.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.12.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.13.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.14.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.15.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.16.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.17.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.18.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3446.finRow.19.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3551  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.1.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.2.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.3.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.4.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3551.finRow.5.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3603  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3603.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3692  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3692.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3747  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.2.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3747.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB3769  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB3774  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3841  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.7.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3841.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3887  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3887.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL3944  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.2.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.12.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.14.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL3944.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4051  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.2.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4051.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4095  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4095.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4165  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4165.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4385  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.2.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.7.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.8.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.10.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.11.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.12.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.lead.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.symb.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.amt.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.trail.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.lead.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.symb.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.amt.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.14.trail.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.15.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.16.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.17.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.18.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.19.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.20.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.21.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.22.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.23.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.24.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.25.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.lead.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.symb.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.amt.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.26.trail.B6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.27.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.28.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.29.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.30.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.31.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.32.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.33.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.34.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.35.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.36.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4385.finRow.37.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4502  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.1.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.2.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.3.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.4.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.5.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.6.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.8.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.9.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.10.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.11.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.12.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.13.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.lead.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.amt.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.15.trail.D6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.16.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.17.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.18.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.19.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.lead.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.symb.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.amt.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL4502.finRow.20.trail.6 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4723S1  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4723S1  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4723S1  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4723S1  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4723  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4808  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL4828  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4859  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4864  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4869  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4874  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4881  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4886  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4912  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4917  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4922  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4927  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4934  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4939  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4968  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB4990  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Investment in Non-Public Company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In December 2005, Landec entered into a licensing agreement with Aesthetic Sciences for the exclusive rights to use Landec's Intelimer&amp;reg; materials technology for the development of dermal fillers worldwide under the agreement. The Company received shares of preferred stock in exchange for the license. As of March 1, 2015, the Company concluded that its investment in Aesthetic Sciences was other than temporarily impaired, and therefore wrote off its remaining $793,000 investment (see Note 2). &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Non-Controlling Interest &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company reports all non-controlling interests as a separate component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity. The non-controlling interest&amp;#x2019;s share of the income or loss of the consolidated subsidiary is reported as a separate line item in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, following the consolidated net income caption.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company sold products to and earned license fees from Windset Holding 2010 Ltd., a Canadian corporation (&amp;#x201c;Windset&amp;#x201d;) during the last three fiscal years. During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized related party revenues of $689,000, $365,000, and $316,000, respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of $306,000 and $304,000 from Windset are included in accounts receivable, related party in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Additionally, unrelated to the revenue transactions above, the Company purchases produce from Windset for sale to third parties. During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized related party cost of product sales of $1.6 million, $1.6 million and $2.1 million, respectively, in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of $244,000 and $134,000 from Windset are included in accounts payable, related party in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15% to 21&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16% to 22&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at beginning of period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Additions from acquisitions and adjustments charged to revenue and expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Write offs, net of recoveries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at end of period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;512&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;109&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;143&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(134&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;382 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;9.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 54pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Landec leases facilities and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions, which expire at various dates through fiscal year 2023. Certain of these leases have renewal options. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The approximate future minimum lease payments under these operating leases, excluding land leases, at May 31, 2015 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 81pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt 8.1pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 81%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,136&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,631&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,768&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,003&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;257&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;624&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,419&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Rent expense for operating leases, including month to month arrangements was $5.0 million, $4.4 million and $4.8 million for the fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Capital Leases&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;There was no equipment under capital lease agreements at May 31, 2015. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Employment Agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Landec has entered into employment agreements with certain key employees. These agreements provide for these employees to receive incentive bonuses based on the financial performance of certain divisions in addition to their &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;annual base salaries. The accrued incentive bonuses amounted to $1.0 million at May 31, 2015 and $656,000 at May 25, 2014.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Purchase Commitments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015, the Company was committed to purchase $15.1 million of produce during fiscal year 2016 in accordance with contractual terms at market rates. Payments of $16.8 million were made in fiscal year 2015 under similar arrangements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade accounts receivable, grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits, among other things, the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and to any one type of investment, other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and, as a consequence, believes that trade receivables, grower advances and notes receivable credit risk exposure is limited. Credit losses for bad debt are provided for in the consolidated financial statements through a charge to operations. A valuation allowance is provided for known and anticipated credit losses. The recorded amounts for these financial instruments approximate their fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Several of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products are currently purchased from a single source, including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers, substrate materials for our breathable membrane products and raw materials for our HA products. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The operations of Windset, in which the Company holds a 26.9% minority investment, are predominantly located in British Columbia and Santa Maria, California. Routinely, the Company evaluates the financial strength and ability for Windset to continue as a going concern.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2015, sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top five customers accounted for approximately 46% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Food Products Technology segment, Costco Wholesale Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately 21% and 11%, respectively, of total revenues. In addition, approximately 30% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers, none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 31, 2015, the top two customers, Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 15% and 13%, respectively, of total accounts receivable.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and include the accounts &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;of Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries, Apio and Lifecore. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under the guidance for variable interest entities (&amp;#x201c;VIEs&amp;#x201d;). A company is required to consolidate the assets, liabilities and operations of a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6. Debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Real estate loan agreement with General Electric Capital Corporation (&amp;#x201c;GE Capital&amp;#x201d;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $133,060 through May 1, 2022 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.02% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15,172&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;16,137&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $175,356 through May 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.39% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,705&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9,430&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $95,120 through September 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 3.68% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,476&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $55,828 through December 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 3.74% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,907&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with Bank of America (&amp;#x201c;BofA&amp;#x201d;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $68,274 through June 28, 2020 with interest based on a fixed rate of 2.79% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,819&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Term note with BMO Harris; due in monthly payments of $250,000 through May 23, 2016 with interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus 2% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Industrial revenue bonds (&amp;#x201c;IRBs&amp;#x201d;) issued by Lifecore; due in annual payments through 2020 with interest at a variable rate set weekly by the bond remarketing agent (0.31% and 0.28% at May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,440&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,805&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;42,519&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;34,372&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(8,353&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(6,055&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;34,166&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;28,317&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The future minimum principal payments of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt for each year presented are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;GE and BofA&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;GE RE Loan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;M&amp;amp;E Loans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;BMO Harris&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;IRB&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 30%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,005&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,973&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;375&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,353&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,047&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,130&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;390&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,567&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,089 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,293&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,782&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,134 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,461&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;410&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,005&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,180 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,050&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;425&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,655&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,717&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;440&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,157 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15,172&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21,907&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,440&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;42,519&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On July 17, 2014, Apio entered into an amendment with GE Capital, which amended the revolving line of credit dated April 23, 2012 among the parties. Under the amendment, the revolving line of credit increased from $25&amp;nbsp;million to $40&amp;nbsp;million, the interest rate was reduced from LIBOR plus 2.0% to LIBOR plus 1.75%, and the term was extended to July 17, 2019, among other changes. The availability under the revolving line of credit is based on the combination of the eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory (availability was $30.3 million at May 31, 2015). Apio&amp;#x2019;s revolving line of credit has an unused fee of 0.375% per annum. At both May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, there was no outstanding balance under Apio&amp;#x2019;s revolving line of credit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Also on July 17, 2014, Apio entered into a new equipment loan with GE Capital whereby Apio can borrow up to $25 million based on eligible equipment purchases between August 1, 2012 and August 31, 2015. Each borrowing under this new equipment loan has a five year term with a seven year amortization period. On August 28, 2014, Apio borrowed $7.1 million under the new equipment loan at a fixed rate of 3.68%. On November 24, 2014, Apio borrowed an additional $4.1 million under the new equipment loan at a fixed rate of 3.74%. The Company does not intend to borrow any more funds under this loan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On May 15, 2015, GE Capital and Apio entered into a commitment letter, pursuant to which GE Capital committed to lend Apio up to approximately $14.7 million in equipment financing and approximately $7.7 million in real property financing. The equipment loan and the real property loan will be made pursuant to existing loan agreements dated as of April 23, 2012, as amended May 17, 2013 and July 17, 2014. No amounts had been borrowed under these committed loans as of May 31, 2015. The equipment loan is available to finance purchases of equipment between May 1, 2015 and June 30, 2017. Borrowings under the equipment loan will have a five-year term and a seven-year amortization. Interest on each borrowing under the equipment loan will be at a fixed rate based on an index rate plus a 5-year swap rate at the time of borrowing. The real property loan will be used to finance the expansion of Apio&amp;#x2019;s facility in Hanover, PA. The real property loan will have a 10-year term and a 20-year amortization. Interest will be at a fixed rate based on an index rate plus a 10-year swap rate on at the time of borrowing. No amounts had been borrowed under these committed loans as of May 31, 2015. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The GE real estate, equipment and line of credit agreements (collectively the &amp;#x201c;GE Debt Agreements&amp;#x201d;) are secured by liens on all of the property of Apio and its subsidiaries. The GE Debt Agreements contain customary events of default under which obligations could be accelerated or increased. The GE Capital real estate and equipment &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;loans are guaranteed by Landec, and Landec has pledged its equity interest in Apio as collateral under the line of credit agreement. The GE Debt Agreements contain customary covenants, such as limitations on the ability to (1) incur &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;indebtedness or grant liens or negative pledges on Apio&amp;#x2019;s assets; (2) make loans or other investments; (3) pay dividends, sell stock or repurchase stock or other securities; (4) sell assets; (5) engage in mergers; (6) enter into sale and leaseback transactions; or (7) make changes in Apio&amp;#x2019;s corporate structure. In addition, Apio must maintain a &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.10 to 1.0 if the availability under its line of credit falls below $12.0 million. Apio was in compliance with all financial covenants as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On May 15, 2015, Apio and BofA entered into a commitment letter and loan agreement, pursuant to which Apio will be permitted to borrow up to $15.0 million to finance equipment purchases made between October 1, 2014 and April 30, 2016 (the &amp;#x201c;BofA Loan&amp;#x201d;). Each borrowing under the BofA Loan will have a five-year term and a seven-year amortization period and will have a fixed interest rate based on the 2.5-year swap rate at the time of borrowing. Borrowings will be secured by equipment financed with proceeds of the BofA Loan. In addition, on May 15, 2015, Landec and BofA entered into a Guaranty, pursuant to which Landec guaranteed Apio&amp;#x2019;s payment obligations under the BofA Loan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During fiscal year 2015, Apio capitalized $397,000 of loan origination fees from new equipment loans and/or amendments with GE Capital and BofA. No loan origination fees were capitalized in fiscal year 2014. Amortization of loan origination fees for Apio recorded to interest expense for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $206,000, $187,000 and $181,000, respectively. Unamortized loan origination fees were $1.2 million and $1.0 million at May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On May 23, 2012, Lifecore entered into two financing agreements with BMO Harris Bank N.A. and/or its affiliates (&amp;#x201c;BMO Harris&amp;#x201d;), collectively (the &amp;#x201c;Lifecore Loan Agreements&amp;#x201d;): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;       &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td style=WIDTH: 36pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(1) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A $12.0 million term loan which matures in four years due in monthly payments of $250,000 with interest payable monthly based on a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 2% (the &amp;#x201c;Term Loan&amp;#x201d;).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;       &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td style=WIDTH: 36pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(2)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A Reimbursement Agreement pursuant to which BMO Harris caused its affiliate Bank of Montreal to issue an irrevocable letter of credit in the amount of $3.5 million (the &amp;#x201c;Letter of Credit&amp;#x201d;) which is securing the IRBs described above. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On May 22, 2015, Lifecore entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Credit Agreement&amp;#x201d;) with BMO Harris which includes (a) a two-year, $10.0 million asset-based working capital revolving line of credit, with an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.85%, with availability based on the combination of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s eligible accounts receivable and inventory balances (availability was $9.4 million at May 31, 2015) and with no unused fee and as of May 31, 2015 no amounts were outstanding under the line of credit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The obligations of Lifecore under the Lifecore Loan Agreements and Credit Agreement (collectively &amp;#x201c;Lifecore Debt Agreements&amp;#x201d;) are secured by liens on all of the property of Lifecore. The Lifecore Debt Agreements contain customary covenants, such as limitations on the ability to (1) incur indebtedness or grant liens or negative pledges on Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s assets; (2) make loans or other investments; (3) pay dividends or repurchase stock or other securities; (4) sell assets; (5) engage in mergers; (6) enter into sale and leaseback transactions; (7) adopt certain benefit plans; and (8) make changes in Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s corporate structure. In addition, under the Credit Agreement, Lifecore must maintain (a) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.10 to 1.0 if Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s unrestricted cash balance is less than 50% of total funded debt at the end of each fiscal quarter and (b) a net debt cash flow leverage ratio of less than 2.0 to 1.0 at the end of each fiscal quarter. Lifecore was in compliance with all financial covenants as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014. Unamortized loan origination fees for the Lifecore Debt Agreements were $48,000 and $98,000 at May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt approximates its recorded value as the interest rates on each debt instrument approximates current market rates.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Term Loan was used to repay Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s former credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (&amp;#x201c;Wells Fargo&amp;#x201d;). The Letter of Credit (which replaces a letter of credit previously provided by Wells Fargo) provides liquidity &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;and credit support for the IRBs.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On August 19, 2004, Lifecore issued variable rate industrial revenue bonds (&amp;#x201c;IRBs&amp;#x201d;).&amp;nbsp; These IRBs were assumed by Landec in the acquisition of Lifecore. The IRBs are collateralized by a bank letter of credit which is secured by a first mortgage on the Company&amp;#x2019;s facility in Chaska, Minnesota. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In addition, the Company pays an&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;annual remarketing fee equal to 0.125% and an annual letter of credit fee of 0.75%.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The maturities on the IRBs are &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;7.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Derivative Financial Instruments &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Per Share Information&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounting guidance requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units, calculated using the treasury stock method. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of diluted net income per share (in thousands, except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Numerator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income applicable to Common Stockholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,544&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;19,145&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;22,587&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Denominator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for basic net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,884 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,628&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,830 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;452&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;492&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;796&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for diluted net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,336&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;26,626&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Diluted net income per share &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.85&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options to purchase 371,115, 333,993 and 88,022 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of $14.02, $14.15 and $12.80 per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company uses fair value measurement accounting for financial assets and liabilities and for financial instruments and certain other items measured at fair value. The Company has elected the fair value option for its investment in a non-public company (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company has not elected the fair value option for any of its other eligible financial assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The accounting guidance established a three-tier hierarchy for fair value measurements, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 63pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -27pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1 &amp;#x2013; observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 76.5pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -40.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2 &amp;#x2013; inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 76.5pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -40.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3 &amp;#x2013; unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;As of May 31, 2015, the only asset of the Company that was measured at fair value on a recurring basis was its minority interest investment in Windset.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its investment in Windset. The calculation of fair value utilizes significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models, including projected cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. As a result, the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level 3 measurement investment. The change in the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s 26.9% and 20.1%, respectively, minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during those periods. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset, the Company utilizes the following significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15% to 21&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16% to 22&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The revenue growth, expense growth and income tax rate assumptions, consider the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. &amp;nbsp; The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return, the market equity risk premium and the company&amp;#x2019;s specific risk premium and then applies an additional discount for lack of marketability of the underlying securities. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;The discounted cash flow valuation model used by the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Company has the following sensitivity to changes in inputs and assumptions (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Impact on value of Windset investment as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 81%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,300 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,200&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,500&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 28%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Marketable securities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Investment in private company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are primarily composed of marketable securities, commercial-term trade payables, grower advances, notes receivable and debt instruments. For short-term instruments, the historical carrying amount approximates the fair value of the instrument. The fair value of long-term debt and lines of credit approximates &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;their carrying value. Fair values for long-term financial instruments not readily marketable are estimated based upon discounted future cash flows at prevailing market interest rates. Based on these assumptions, management believes the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;fair market values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are not significantly different from their recorded amounts as of&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4. Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The carrying amount of goodwill&amp;nbsp;as of&amp;nbsp;May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013 was $35.7 million for the Food Products Technology segment and $13.9 million for the Hyaluronan-based Biomaterials segment.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Information regarding Landec&amp;#x2019;s other intangible assets is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trademarks &amp;amp; Trade names&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Customer Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 27, 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,557&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;58,985&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,606 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;58,034&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(886&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(886&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,720 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;57,148&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(885&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(885&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,835 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56,263&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s Long-Lived Assets consist of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of twelve to thirteen years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively, &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;), which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in April 2012, (ii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010 and (iii) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets, including goodwill, associated with the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the HA-based Biomaterials reporting unit and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Food Products Technology reporting unit pursuant to accounting guidance based upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 31, 2015, the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;HA-based Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill and the Food Products Technology reporting unit had $35.7 million of goodwill. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines, future sales volumes, revenue and expense growth rates, alternative uses &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment, and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated, an impairment charge is recorded for the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset, estimated fair value may be determined either by use of a discounted cash flow model or by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease the estimated fair value of assets and would increase or decrease any impairment measurement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets, including goodwill, the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC 350-30-35. Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management, including identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of intangible assets to reporting units, which judgments are inherently uncertain. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the fiscal quarter ended February 23, 2014, the Company voluntarily changed the date of its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment testing from the last day of the fiscal month in July to the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter. This voluntary change was preferable under the circumstances as it provides the Company with additional time to complete its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in advance of its year-end reporting and results in better alignment with the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategic planning and forecasting process. This change was not applied retrospectively as it was impracticable to do so because retrospective application would have required application of significant estimates and assumptions with the use of hindsight. Accordingly, the change was applied prospectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 54pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company tested its indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment as of March 2, 2015 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying values of these assets were necessary as of that date. As a result, it was not necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test at the time. Subsequent to the 2015 annual impairment test, there have been no significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill. As of May 31, 2015, there were no events or changes in circumstances that indicated that the carrying amount of intangible assets may not be recoverable or that goodwill should be tested for impairment. Therefore, there was no impairment to the carrying value of the Company's goodwill. There were no impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years 2014 and 2013. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On a quarterly basis, the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets, based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes, if significant or material, could indicate a need to update the most recent annual tests for impairment of the indefinite-lived intangible assets during the current period. The results of these tests could lead to write-downs of the carrying values of these assets in the current period. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In the annual impairment test, the Company first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors, management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions, industry and market environment, overall financial performance of the Company, cash flow from operating activities, market capitalization and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Current:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,480&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,785&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,808&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;157&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Foreign&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,594&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,998&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,846&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,789&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,059&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,218&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;363&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;526&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;388&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,152&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,585&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,606&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,583&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The actual provision for income taxes differs from the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate (1)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,451 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,405 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11,214&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;566&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;711&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;731&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;353&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;99&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;370&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Tax-exempt interest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(375&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(378&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(369&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(406&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(172&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in value of contingent consideration&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,450&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;152&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(440&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,583 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(1) Statutory rate was 35% for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The decrease in income tax expense in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a 28% decrease in income before taxes. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The increase in income tax expense in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 is primarily due to the benefit received in fiscal year 2013 related to the change in value of contingent consideration, the absence of which increased the effective tax rate from 30% in fiscal year 2013 to 36% in fiscal year 2014 partially offset by a 7% decrease in net income before taxes. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The effective tax rates for fiscal year 2015 differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of several factors, including state taxes, valuation allowance on the impairment of the investment in Aesthetic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Sciences Corporation, and non-deductible stock-based compensation expense; partially offset by the domestic manufacturing deduction and state and federal research and development credits. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The effective tax rates for fiscal year 2014 differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of several factors, including state taxes, non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options, domestic manufacturing deduction, the benefit of federal and state research and development credits, and the change in valuation allowance. The effective tax rates for fiscal year 2013 differ from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of several factors, including state taxes, change in value of contingent consideration, non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, disqualified dispositions of incentive stock options, domestic manufacturing deduction, the benefit of federal and state research and development credits, and the change in valuation allowance. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 62%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,415&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,630&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accruals and reserves&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,964 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,746 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;662&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;723&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Research and AMT credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;515&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;495&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;966&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;545&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,522&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,139&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,234&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(881&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,288&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,258&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Basis difference in investment in non-public company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(10,753&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(9,270&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(7,186&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(5,705&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(20,578&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(19,360&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(38,517&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(34,335&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(32,229&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(28,077&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;As of May 31, 2015, the Company had federal, California, Indiana, and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $7.8 million, $0.8 million, $6.6 million, and $13.3 million respectively. These losses expire in different periods through 2032, if not utilized. Such net operating losses consist of excess tax benefits from employee stock option exercises and have not been recorded in the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. The Company will record approximately $500,000 of the gross California net operating loss to additional paid in capital as and when such excess tax benefits are ultimately realized. The Company acquired additional net operating losses through the acquisition of GreenLine. Utilization of these acquired net operating losses in a specific year is limited due to the &amp;#x201c;change in ownership&amp;#x201d; provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The net operating losses presented above for federal and state purposes is net of any such limitation.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company has California research and development tax credits carryforwards of approximately $1.6 million. The research and development tax credit carryforwards have an unlimited carryforward period for California &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;purposes. Certain tax credit carryovers are attributable to excess tax benefits from employee stock option exercises and have not been recorded in the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets. The Company will record $1.1 million of the gross &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;California research and development credit to additional paid in capital as and when such excess tax benefits are ultimately realized.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Valuation allowances are reviewed each period on a tax jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis to analyze whether &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;there is sufficient positive or negative evidence to support a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. Based on this analysis and considering all positive and negative evidence, the Company determined that a valuation allowance of $1.2 million should be recorded as a result of uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and a book impairment loss on the Company's investment in Aesthetic Sciences as it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The valuation allowance increased by $353,000 in fiscal year 2015 primarily due to uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and credits.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#x2019;s financial statements prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, and the derecognition of tax benefits, classification on the balance sheet, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;As of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; beginning of the period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,035&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;998&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;766&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;103&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross decreases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(141&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; current-period tax positions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;76 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;129&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; end of the period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;987&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,035&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;998&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;As of May 31, 2015, the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits was $987,000, of which, $800,000, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. As of May 25, 2014, the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits was $1.0 million, of which, $817,000, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The total amount of penalties and interest was not material as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014. Additionally, the Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change materially within the next twelve months.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with accounting guidance which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is likely that all &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, unsettled circumstances that, if unfavorably resolved, would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At May 31, 2015, the Company had a $1.2 million valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In addition to valuation allowances, the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;component of income tax expense. The Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate includes the impact of tax-contingency accruals as considered appropriate by management. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 1pt; FONT-FAMILY: Arial&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (using the first-in, first-out method) or market. As of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 inventories consisted of (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Finished goods &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,271 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11,111&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9,879 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,376&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Work in progress&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,877&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,248&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories, net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,027&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;24,735&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Investment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;s&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; in &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;non-public companies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Aesthetic Sciences&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In December 2005, Landec entered into a licensing agreement with Aesthetic Sciences for the exclusive rights to use Landec's Intelimer&amp;reg; materials technology for the development of dermal fillers worldwide under the agreement. The Company received shares of preferred stock in exchange for the license. Aesthetic Sciences sold the rights to its &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Smartfil Injector System on July 16, 2010. The royalty period from the sale of the Smartfil Injector System began November 1, 2014 and as a result the Company obtained for the first time during the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 financial information for the products for which a royalty is due Aesthetic Sciences. Based on the review of this historical financial information and discussions with the acquirer, the Company concluded that its investment in Aesthetic Sciences was other than temporarily impaired, and therefore wrote off its remaining $793,000 investment in Aesthetic Sciences as of March 1, 2015 and is included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Windset&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On February 15, 2011,&amp;nbsp;Apio entered into a share&amp;nbsp;purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Windset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201d;)&amp;nbsp;with Windset. Pursuant to the Windset Purchase Agreement, Apio purchased from Windset 150,000 Senior A preferred shares for $15 million and 201 common shares for $201. On July 15, 2014, Apio increased its investment in Windset by purchasing from the Newell Capital Corporation an additional 68 shares of common stock and 51,211 shares of junior preferred stock of Windset for $11.0 million. After this purchase, the Company&amp;#x2019;s common shares represent a 26.9% ownership interest in Windset. The non-voting Senior A preferred&amp;nbsp;shares yield a cash dividend of 7.5% annually. The dividend is payable within 90 days of each anniversary of the execution of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The non-voting junior preferred stock does not yield a dividend unless declared by the Board of Directors of Windset and no such dividend has been declared. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Windset Purchase Agreement includes a put and call option, which can be exercised on the sixth anniversary of the Windset Purchase Agreement whereby Apio can exercise the put to sell its common, Senior A preferred shares and junior preferred shares to Windset, or Windset can exercise the call to purchase those shares from Apio, in either case, at a price equal to 26.9% of the appreciation in the fair market value of Windset&amp;#x2019;s common shares from the date of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment through the put and call date, plus the liquidation value of the preferred shares of $20.1 million ($15 million for the Senior A preferred shares and $5.1 million for the junior preferred shares). &lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Under the terms of the arrangement with Windset, the Company is entitled to designate one of five members on the Board of Directors of Windset.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On October 29, 2014, Apio further increased its investment in Windset by purchasing 70,000 shares of Senior B preferred shares for $7.0 million. The Senior B Preferred Stock pays an annual dividend of 7.5% on the amount outstanding at each anniversary date of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The Senior B shares purchased by Apio have a put feature whereby Apio can sell back to Windset $1.5 million of shares on the first anniversary, an additional $2.75 million of shares on the second anniversary and the remaining $2.75 million on the third anniversary. After the third anniversary, Apio may at any time put any or all of the shares not previously sold back to Windset. At any time on or after February 15, 2017, Windset has the right to call any or all of the outstanding common shares and at such time must also call the same proportion of Senior A preferred shares, Senior B preferred shares and junior preferred shares owned by Apio. Windset&amp;#x2019;s partial call provision is restricted such that a partial call cannot result in Apio holding less than 10% of Windset&amp;#x2019;s common shares outstanding.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The investment in Windset does not qualify for equity method accounting as the investment does not meet the criteria of in-substance common stock due to returns through the annual dividend on &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;t&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;he non-voting senior preferred shares that are not available to the common stock holders. As the put and call options require the Purchased Shares to be put or called in equal proportions, the Company has deemed that the investment, in substance, should be treated as a single security for purposes of accounting. The Company has adopted fair value option in the accounting for its investment in Windset effective on the acquisition date. The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset utilizes significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models, including projected cash flows, growth rates and the discount rate, and is therefore considered a Level 3 for fair value measurement purposes (see Note 1). The Company believes that reporting its investment at fair value provides its investors with useful information on the performance of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment and the anticipated appreciation in value as Windset expands its business. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset was determined utilizing the Windset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x2019;s put/call calculation for value and a discounted cash flow model based on projections developed by &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Windset, and considers the put and call conversion options. These features impact the duration of the cash flows utilized to derive the estimated fair values of the investment. These two discounted cash flow models&amp;#x2019; estimate for fair value, which generally approximate a similar result, is then weighted. Assumptions included in these discounted cash flow models will be evaluated quarterly based on Windset&amp;#x2019;s actual and projected operating results to determine the change in fair value. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the year ended May 31, 2015, the Company recorded $1.4 million in dividends and in fiscal years ended May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013, the Company recorded $1.1 million in dividend income. In addition, the Company recorded $3.9 million, $10.0 million and $8.1 million of income for fiscal years ended May 31, 2105, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013, respectively, which is included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, from the increase in the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&amp;quot;ASU 2014-09&amp;quot;), which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;1.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Organization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries (&amp;#x201c;Landec&amp;#x201d; or the &amp;#x201c;Company&amp;#x201d;) design, develop, manufacture and sell differentiated products for food and biomaterials markets and license technology applications to partners. The Company has two proprietary polymer technology platforms: 1) Intelimer&amp;reg; polymers, and 2) hyaluronan (&amp;#x201c;HA&amp;#x201d;) biopolymers. The Company&amp;#x2019;s HA biopolymers are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s polymer technologies, along with its customer relationships and trade names, are the foundation, and a key differentiating advantage upon which Landec has built its business. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&amp;reg; and GreenLine&amp;reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers, club stores and foodservice operators, primarily in the United States, Canada and Asia through its Apio, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Apio&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary and sells HA-based biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Lifecore&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and include the accounts &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;of Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries, Apio and Lifecore. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under the guidance for variable interest entities (&amp;#x201c;VIEs&amp;#x201d;). A company is required to consolidate the assets, liabilities and operations of a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;An entity is a VIE and subject to consolidation, if by design: a) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any one of the following three characteristics: (i)&amp;nbsp;the power, through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&amp;#x2019;s economic performance, (ii)&amp;nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii)&amp;nbsp;the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The Company reviewed the consolidation guidance and concluded that the partnership interest and equity investment in non-public companies by the Company are not VIEs. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The accounting estimates that require management&amp;#x2019;s most significant and subjective judgments include revenue recognition; sales returns and allowances; self insurance liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities; the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets; the valuation of intangible assets and inventory; the valuation of investments; and the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;These estimates involve the consideration of complex factors and require management to make judgments. The analysis of historical and future trends can require extended periods of time to resolve and are subject to change from period to period. The actual results may differ from management&amp;#x2019;s estimates.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, trade accounts receivable, grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits, among other things, the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and to any one type of investment, other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and, as a consequence, believes that trade receivables, grower advances and notes receivable credit risk exposure is limited. Credit losses for bad debt are provided for in the consolidated financial statements through a charge to operations. A valuation allowance is provided for known and anticipated credit losses. The recorded amounts for these financial instruments approximate their fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Several of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products are currently purchased from a single source, including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers, substrate materials for our breathable membrane products and raw materials for our HA products. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The operations of Windset, in which the Company holds a 26.9% minority investment, are predominantly located in British Columbia and Santa Maria, California. Routinely, the Company evaluates the financial strength and ability for Windset to continue as a going concern.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2015, sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top five customers accounted for approximately 46% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Food Products Technology segment, Costco Wholesale Corporation (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart, Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately 21% and 11%, respectively, of total revenues. In addition, approximately 30% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers, none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 31, 2015, the top two customers, Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 15% and 13%, respectively, of total accounts receivable.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the fiscal year ended May 25, 2014, sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top five customers accounted for approximately 42% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Food Products Technology segment, Costco Wholesale Corporation and Wal-mart, Inc. accounting for approximately 21% and 11%, respectively, of total revenues. In addition, approximately 29% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers, none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 25, 2014, the top two customers, Costco Wholesale Corporation and Wal-mart, Inc. represented approximately 16% and 12%, respectively, of total accounts receivable.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted future cash flow expected to be generated from the asset. If the future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets, the assets&amp;#x2019; carrying value is adjusted to fair value. The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for indicators of possible impairment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are primarily composed of marketable securities, commercial-term trade payables, grower advances, notes receivable and debt instruments. For short-term instruments, the historical carrying amount approximates the fair value of the instrument. The fair value of long-term debt and lines of credit approximates &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;their carrying value. Fair values for long-term financial instruments not readily marketable are estimated based upon discounted future cash flows at prevailing market interest rates. Based on these assumptions, management believes the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;fair market values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are not significantly different from their recorded amounts as of&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Sales Returns and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company carries its accounts receivable at their face amounts less an allowance for estimated sales returns and doubtful accounts. Sales return allowances are estimated based on historical sales return amounts. Further, on a periodic basis, the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based on review of the overall condition of accounts receivable balances and review of significant past due accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific identification of past due amounts and for accounts over 90-days past due. The changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts are summarized in the following table (in thousands).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at beginning of period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Additions from acquisitions and adjustments charged to revenue and expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Write offs, net of recoveries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at end of period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;512&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;109&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(38&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;143&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(134&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;382 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, title has transferred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts, product returns, and discounts based on specific identification and historical losses. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio&amp;#x2019;s Food Products Technology revenues generally consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole value-added processed vegetable products that are generally washed and packaged in our proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&amp;#x2019;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. Revenue is generally recognized upon shipment of these products to customers. The Company takes title to all produce it trades and/or packages, and therefore, records revenues and cost of sales at gross amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In addition, Food Products Technology value-added revenues include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling, LP, a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position and from the sale of BreatheWay&amp;reg; packaging to license partners. Revenue is recognized on the vegetable cooling operations as cooling and storage services are provided to our customers. Sales of BreatheWay packaging are recognized when shipped to our customers.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio&amp;#x2019;s Food Export revenues consist of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia by Cal-Ex. As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S., title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to third parties because it takes title to the product while in transit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Our HA-based Biomaterials business principally generates revenue through the sale of products containing HA. Lifecore primarily sells products to customers in three medical areas: (1) Ophthalmic, which represented approximately 60% of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year 2015, (2) Orthopedic, which represented approximately 20% &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year 2015 and (3) Veterinary/Other. The vast majority of revenues from our HA-based Biomaterials business are recognized upon shipment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s business development revenues, a portion of which are included in all three medical areas, are related to contract research and development (R&amp;amp;D) services and multi-element arrangement services with customers where the Company provides products and/or services in a bundled arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contract R&amp;amp;D revenue is recorded as earned, based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which no further performance obligations exist, and there is no continuing involvement by the Company, are recognized on the earlier of when the payment is received or collection is assured.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;For sales arrangements that contain multiple elements, the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement, whereby the Company assesses, among other factors, whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE), if available, third-party evidence (TPE), if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price, if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is not typically able to determine VSOE or TPE, and therefore, uses the estimated selling price to allocate revenue between the elements of an arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company limits the amount of revenue recognition for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services or future performance obligations or subject to customer-specific cancellation rights. The Company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value, and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services, delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further, the revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are not met, the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has not established fair value for any undelivered element, revenue for all elements is deferred until delivery of the final element is completed and all recognition criteria are met.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Licensing revenue is recognized in accordance with prevailing accounting guidance. Initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable, nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement, including those governing research and development activities and any related supply agreement entered into concurrently with the license when the risk associated with commercialization of a product is non-substantive at the outset of the arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;From time to time, the Company offers customers sales incentives, which include volume rebates and discounts. These amounts are estimated on a quarterly basis and recorded as a reduction of revenue.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A summary of revenues by type of revenue arrangement as described above is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;26&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 55%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon shipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;465,484&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;398,938&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;359,518&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon acceptance in foreign port&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;67,714&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;69,710&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78,442&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from multiple element arrangements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,253&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,811&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,773&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from license fees, R&amp;amp;D contracts and royalties/profit sharing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,806&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,354&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,975&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;476,813&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amounts billed to third-party customers for shipping and handling are included as a component of revenues. Shipping and handling costs incurred are included as a component of cost of products sold and represent costs incurred to ship product from the sourcing locations to the end consumer markets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Other Accounting Policies and Disclosures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company records all highly liquid securities with three months or less from date of purchase to maturity as cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist mainly of certificate of deposits (CDs), money market funds and U.S. Treasuries. The market value of cash equivalents approximates their historical cost given their short-term nature.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (using the first-in, first-out method) or market. As of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 inventories consisted of (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Finished goods &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,271 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11,111&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9,879 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,376&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Work in progress&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,877&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,248&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories, net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,027&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;24,735&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;If the cost of the inventories exceeds their net realizable value, provisions are recorded currently to reduce them to net realizable value. The Company also provides a provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories based on the estimate of demand for its products.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Advertising expenditures for the Company are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense for the Company for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $1.3 million, $447,000 and $445,000, respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Notes and Advances Receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio issues notes and makes advances to produce growers for their crop and harvesting costs primarily for the purpose of sourcing crops for Apio's business. &amp;nbsp;Notes receivable and advances are generally recovered during the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;growing season (less than one year) using proceeds from the crops sold to Apio.&amp;nbsp; Notes are interest bearing &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;obligations, evidenced by contracts and notes receivable.&amp;nbsp; These notes and advances receivable are secured by &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;perfected liens on crops, have terms that range from three to nine months, and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability.&amp;nbsp; A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to not be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance.&amp;nbsp; There were no notes or advances outstanding at May 31, 2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company sold products to and earned license fees from Windset Holding 2010 Ltd., a Canadian corporation (&amp;#x201c;Windset&amp;#x201d;) during the last three fiscal years. During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized related party revenues of $537,000, $365,000, and $316,000, respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of $306,000 and $304,000 from Windset are included in accounts receivable, related party in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Additionally, unrelated to the revenue transactions above, the Company purchases produce from Windset for sale to third parties. During fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized related party cost of product sales of $1.6 million, $1.6 million and $2.1 million, respectively, in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of $244,000 and $134,000 from Windset are included in accounts payable, related party in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;All related party transactions are monitored quarterly by the Company and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for major improvements are capitalized while repairs and maintenance are charged to expense. Depreciation is expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;lives of the respective assets, generally three to forty years for buildings and leasehold improvements and three to twenty years for furniture and fixtures, computers, capitalized software, capitalized leases, machinery, equipment and autos. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the economic life of the improvement or the life of the lease. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company capitalizes software development costs for internal use in accordance with accounting guidance. Capitalization of software development costs begins in the application development stage and ends when the asset is &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;placed into service. The Company amortizes such costs using the straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of three to seven years. During fiscal years 2015 and&amp;nbsp;2014, the Company capitalized $509,000 and&amp;nbsp;$913,000 in software development costs, respectively. During fiscal year 2013, the Company did not capitalize any software development costs.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s Long-Lived Assets consist of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of twelve to thirteen years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively, &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;), which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in April 2012, (ii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010 and (iii) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets, including goodwill, associated with the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the HA-based Biomaterials reporting unit and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Food Products Technology reporting unit pursuant to accounting guidance based upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 31, 2015, the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;HA-based Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill and the Food Products Technology reporting unit had $35.7 million of goodwill. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines, future sales volumes, revenue and expense growth rates, alternative uses &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment, and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated, an impairment charge is recorded for the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset, estimated fair value may be determined either by use of a discounted cash flow model or by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease the estimated fair value of assets and would increase or decrease any impairment measurement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, in accordance with accounting guidance. For all indefinite-lived assets, including goodwill, the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC 350-30-35. Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management, including identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of intangible assets to reporting units, which judgments are inherently uncertain. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During the fiscal quarter ended February 23, 2014, the Company voluntarily changed the date of its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment testing from the last day of the fiscal month in July to the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter. This voluntary change was preferable under the circumstances as it provides the Company with additional time to complete its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in advance of its year-end reporting and results in better alignment with the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategic planning and forecasting process. This change was not applied retrospectively as it was impracticable to do so because retrospective application would have required application of significant estimates and assumptions with the use of hindsight. Accordingly, the change was applied prospectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 54pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company tested its indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment as of March 2, 2015 and determined that no adjustments to the carrying values of these assets were necessary as of that date. As a result, it was not necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test at the time. Subsequent to the 2015 annual impairment test, there have been no significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill. As of May 31, 2015, there were no events or changes in circumstances that indicated that the carrying amount of intangible assets may not be recoverable or that goodwill should be tested for impairment. Therefore, there was no impairment to the carrying value of the Company's goodwill. There were no impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years 2014 and 2013. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On a quarterly basis, the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-lived intangible assets, based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes, if significant or material, could indicate a need to update the most recent annual tests for impairment of the indefinite-lived intangible assets during the current period. The results of these tests could lead to write-downs of the carrying values of these assets in the current period. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;In a quantitative test, the Company compares the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets to its carrying value including goodwill. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach, information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. If the carrying value of the Company exceeds its fair value, the Company will determine the amount of impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying value of goodwill. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Investment in Non-Public Company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In December 2005, Landec entered into a licensing agreement with Aesthetic Sciences for the exclusive rights to use Landec's Intelimer&amp;reg; materials technology for the development of dermal fillers worldwide under the agreement. The Company received shares of preferred stock in exchange for the license. As of March 1, 2015, the Company concluded that its investment in Aesthetic Sciences was other than temporarily impaired, and therefore wrote off its remaining $793,000 investment (see Note 2). &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On February 15, 2011, the Company made an investment in Windset which is reported as an investment in non-public company, fair value, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014. The Company has elected to account for its investment in Windset under the fair value option (see Note 2).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Partial Self-Insurance on Employee Health Plan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company&amp;nbsp;provides health insurance benefits to eligible employees&amp;nbsp;under a self-insured plan whereby the Company pays actual medical claims subject to certain stop loss limits. The Company records self-insurance liabilities based on actual claims filed and an estimate of those claims incurred but not reported.&amp;nbsp;Any projection of losses concerning the Company's liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors such as inflation rates, changes in severity, benefit level changes, medical costs, and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&amp;nbsp;in accrued liabilities and represents management's best estimate of the amounts that have not been paid as of May 31, 2015. It is reasonably possible that the expense the Company ultimately incurs could differ and adjustments to future reserves may be necessary.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Deferred Revenue&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Cash received in advance of services performed are recorded as deferred revenue. At May 31, 2015, $843,000 was recognized as advances from customers. At May 25, 2014, $1.3 million was recognized as advances from customers. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Non-Controlling Interest &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company reports all non-controlling interests as a separate component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity. The non-controlling interest&amp;#x2019;s share of the income or loss of the consolidated subsidiary is reported as a separate line item in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, following the consolidated net income caption.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In connection with the acquisition of Apio, Landec acquired Apio&amp;#x2019;s 60% general partner interest in Apio Cooling, a California limited partnership. Apio Cooling is included in the consolidated financial statements of Landec for all periods presented. The non-controlling interest balance of $1.7 at both May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 was comprised of the non-controlling limited partners&amp;#x2019; interest in Apio Cooling. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with accounting guidance which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is likely that all &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, unsettled circumstances that, if unfavorably resolved, would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At May 31, 2015, the Company had a $1.2 million valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In addition to valuation allowances, the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law and emerging legislation. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;component of income tax expense. The Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate includes the impact of tax-contingency accruals as considered appropriate by management. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 1pt; FONT-FAMILY: Arial&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which the Company has accrued, is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, the Company believes its tax-contingency accruals are adequate to address known tax contingencies. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. The Company&amp;#x2019;s tax-contingency accruals are recorded in other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Per Share Information&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounting guidance requires the presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units, calculated using the treasury stock method. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of diluted net income per share (in thousands, except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Numerator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income applicable to Common Stockholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,544&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;19,145&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;22,587&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Denominator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for basic net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,884 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,628&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,830 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;452&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;492&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;796&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for diluted net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,336&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,120&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;26,626&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Diluted net income per share &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.85&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options to purchase 371,115, 333,993 and 88,022 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of $14.02, $14.15 and $12.80 per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014&amp;nbsp;and May 26, 2013, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&amp;#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and, therefore, their inclusion would be antidilutive.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company includes in cost of sales all the costs related to the sale of products. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce, seeds, packaging, syringes and fermentation and purification supplies), direct labor, overhead (including indirect labor, depreciation, and facility related costs) and shipping and shipping related costs.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Costs related to both research and development contracts and Company-funded research is included in research and development expenses. Research and development costs are primarily comprised of salaries and related benefits, supplies, travel expenses, consulting expenses and corporate allocations.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company records compensation expense for stock-based awards issued to employees and directors in exchange for services provided based on the estimated fair value of the awards on their grant dates and is recognized over the required service periods (generally the vesting period). For nonstatutory options, the cash flows resulting from the tax benefit due to tax deductions in excess of the compensation expense recognized for those options (excess tax benefit) are classified as financing activities within the statement of cash flows. The Company&amp;#x2019;s stock-based awards include stock option grants and restricted stock unit awards (&amp;#x201c;RSUs&amp;#x201d;). &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation for options and RSUs (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;561&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;788&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;RSUs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,016&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;798&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;907&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation by income statement line item (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Research and development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;38&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;718&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Sales, general and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,539&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,317&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;977&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The estimated fair value for stock options, which determines the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of compensation expense, is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model. RSUs are valued at the closing market price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant. The Company uses the straight line single option method to calculate and recognize the fair value of stock-based compensation arrangements. In addition, the Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and records stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if the actual forfeitures differ from the prior estimates. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards, which have a significant impact on the fair value estimates. As of May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013, the fair value of stock option grants was estimated using the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.25&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.76&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.48&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.32&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.41&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The weighted average estimated fair value of Landec employee stock options granted at grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013 was $3.42, $4.41 and $3.57 per share, respectively. No stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company uses fair value measurement accounting for financial assets and liabilities and for financial instruments and certain other items measured at fair value. The Company has elected the fair value option for its investment in a non-public company (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company has not elected the fair value option for any of its other eligible financial assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The accounting guidance established a three-tier hierarchy for fair value measurements, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 63pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -27pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1 &amp;#x2013; observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 76.5pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -40.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2 &amp;#x2013; inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 76.5pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -40.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3 &amp;#x2013; unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;As of May 31, 2015, the only asset of the Company that was measured at fair value on a recurring basis was its minority interest investment in Windset.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its investment in Windset. The calculation of fair value utilizes significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models, including projected cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. As a result, the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level 3 measurement investment. The change in the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s 26.9% and 20.1%, respectively, minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during those periods. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset, the Company utilizes the following significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Annual consolidated expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Consolidated discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15% to 21&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16% to 22&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The revenue growth, expense growth and income tax rate assumptions, consider the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. &amp;nbsp; The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return, the market equity risk premium and the company&amp;#x2019;s specific risk premium and then applies an additional discount for lack of marketability of the underlying securities. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;The discounted cash flow valuation model used by the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Company has the following sensitivity to changes in inputs and assumptions (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Impact on value of Windset investment as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 81%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,300 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,200&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(100&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,500&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as of May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 28%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Marketable securities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Investment in private company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;) No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost (&amp;quot;ASU 2015-03&amp;quot;), which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The new guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of ASU 2015-03 will have on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&amp;quot;ASU 2014-09&amp;quot;), which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;10.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Employee Savings and Investment Plans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan which is available to substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees. Landec&amp;#x2019;s Corporate Plan, which is available to all Landec employees (&amp;#x201c;Landec Plan&amp;#x201d;), allows participants to contribute from 1% to 50% of their salaries, up to the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#x201c;IRS&amp;#x201d;) limitation into designated investment funds. The Company matches 67% on the first 6% contributed by an employee. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=934&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=4 width=239&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Years of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=226&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=226&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=934&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=4 width=239&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Useful Life&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 width=242&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 width=242&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Land and building&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;15-&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;57,426&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;56,378&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;1,360&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;1,079&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Computer, capitalized software, machinery, equipment and auto&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;68,260&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;53,715&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;804&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;824&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Construction in process&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;6,837&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;6,975&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross property and equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;134,687&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;118,971&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;(50,222&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;(44,831&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net property and equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;84,465&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;74,140&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for major improvements are capitalized while repairs and maintenance are charged to expense. Depreciation is expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;lives of the respective assets, generally three to forty years for buildings and leasehold improvements and three to twenty years for furniture and fixtures, computers, capitalized software, capitalized leases, machinery, equipment and autos. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the economic life of the improvement or the life of the lease. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company capitalizes software development costs for internal use in accordance with accounting guidance. Capitalization of software development costs begins in the application development stage and ends when the asset is &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=934&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=4 width=239&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Years of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=226&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=226&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=934&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=4 width=239&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Useful Life&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 width=242&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 width=242&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px width=16&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Land and building&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;15-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;40&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;57,426&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;56,378&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;20&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;1,360&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;1,079&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Computer, capitalized software, machinery, equipment and auto&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;20&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;68,260&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;53,715&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;3-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;804&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;824&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Construction in process&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;6,837&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;6,975&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross property and equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;134,687&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;118,971&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;(50,222&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff width=226&gt;(44,831&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 53%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=934&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net property and equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 5%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=85&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=128&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;84,465&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=16&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff width=226&gt;74,140&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;12.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Quarterly Consolidated Financial Information (unaudited)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in thousands, except for per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;133,614 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;132,665 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;138,530 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;134,448 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14,188 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15,666 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16,885 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;18,668 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;65,407 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,353 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,223 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,772 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,196 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,544 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.12&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.14 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.16 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.50 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.09 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.12 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.14 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.15 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.50 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;109,479 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120,026 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;126,379 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120,929 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;476,813 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12,532 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,734 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20,155 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;16,143 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;62,564 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,752 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,451 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,400 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,542 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;19,145 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.13&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.24 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.72 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.18 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.13 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.24 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.71 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;102,074&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;114,654&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;117,867&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;107,113&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,763&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;18,459&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17,508&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,030&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;62,760&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,366&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,913&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,789&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,519 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;22,587 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss) per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.87 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss) per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.34&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.85 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Notes and Advances Receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio issues notes and makes advances to produce growers for their crop and harvesting costs primarily for the purpose of sourcing crops for Apio's business. &amp;nbsp;Notes receivable and advances are generally recovered during the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;growing season (less than one year) using proceeds from the crops sold to Apio.&amp;nbsp; Notes are interest bearing &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;obligations, evidenced by contracts and notes receivable.&amp;nbsp; These notes and advances receivable are secured by &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Deferred Revenue&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;26&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 55%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon shipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;465,484&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;398,938&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;359,518&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon acceptance in foreign port&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;67,714&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;69,710&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78,442&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from multiple element arrangements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,253&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,811&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,773&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from license fees, R&amp;amp;D contracts and royalties/profit sharing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,806&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,354&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,975&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;476,813&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, title has transferred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollectible amounts, product returns, and discounts based on specific identification and historical losses. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio&amp;#x2019;s Food Products Technology revenues generally consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole value-added processed vegetable products that are generally washed and packaged in our proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&amp;#x2019;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. Revenue is generally recognized upon shipment of these products to customers. The Company takes title to all produce it trades and/or packages, and therefore, records revenues and cost of sales at gross amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In addition, Food Products Technology value-added revenues include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling, LP, a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position and from the sale of BreatheWay&amp;reg; packaging to license partners. Revenue is recognized on the vegetable cooling operations as cooling and storage services are provided to our customers. Sales of BreatheWay packaging are recognized when shipped to our customers.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Apio&amp;#x2019;s Food Export revenues consist of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia by Cal-Ex. As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S., title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to third parties because it takes title to the product while in transit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Our HA-based Biomaterials business principally generates revenue through the sale of products containing HA. Lifecore primarily sells products to customers in three medical areas: (1) Ophthalmic, which represented approximately 60% of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year 2015, (2) Orthopedic, which represented approximately 20% &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year 2015 and (3) Veterinary/Other. The vast majority of revenues from our HA-based Biomaterials business are recognized upon shipment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s business development revenues, a portion of which are included in all three medical areas, are related to contract research and development (R&amp;amp;D) services and multi-element arrangement services with customers where the Company provides products and/or services in a bundled arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contract R&amp;amp;D revenue is recorded as earned, based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which no further performance obligations exist, and there is no continuing involvement by the Company, are recognized on the earlier of when the payment is received or collection is assured.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;For sales arrangements that contain multiple elements, the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also evaluates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement, whereby the Company assesses, among other factors, whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE), if available, third-party evidence (TPE), if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price, if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is not typically able to determine VSOE or TPE, and therefore, uses the estimated selling price to allocate revenue between the elements of an arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company limits the amount of revenue recognition for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services or future performance obligations or subject to customer-specific cancellation rights. The Company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value, and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services, delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further, the revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are not met, the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has not established fair value for any undelivered element, revenue for all elements is deferred until delivery of the final element is completed and all recognition criteria are met.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Licensing revenue is recognized in accordance with prevailing accounting guidance. Initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable, nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement, including those governing research and development activities and any related supply agreement entered into concurrently with the license when the risk associated with commercialization of a product is non-substantive at the outset of the arrangement.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;From time to time, the Company offers customers sales incentives, which include volume rebates and discounts. These amounts are estimated on a quarterly basis and recorded as a reduction of revenue.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A summary of revenues by type of revenue arrangement as described above is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 72pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;26&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 55%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon shipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;465,484&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;398,938&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;359,518&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recorded upon acceptance in foreign port&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;67,714&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;69,710&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78,442&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from multiple element arrangements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,253&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,811&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,773&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue from license fees, R&amp;amp;D contracts and royalties/profit sharing&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,806&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,354&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,975&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;476,813&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 12%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Current:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,480&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,785&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,808&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;43&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;157&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Foreign&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;71&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,594&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,998&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,846&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,789&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,059&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,218&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;363&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;526&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;388&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,152&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,585&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,606&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Real estate loan agreement with General Electric Capital Corporation (&amp;#x201c;GE Capital&amp;#x201d;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $133,060 through May 1, 2022 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.02% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15,172&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;16,137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $175,356 through May 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.39% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,705&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9,430&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $95,120 through September 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 3.68% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,476&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with GE Capital; due in monthly principal and interest payments of $55,828 through December 1, 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 3.74% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,907&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital equipment loan with Bank of America (&amp;#x201c;BofA&amp;#x201d;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $68,274 through June 28, 2020 with interest based on a fixed rate of 2.79% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,819&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Term note with BMO Harris; due in monthly payments of $250,000 through May 23, 2016 with interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus 2% per annum&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Industrial revenue bonds (&amp;#x201c;IRBs&amp;#x201d;) issued by Lifecore; due in annual payments through 2020 with interest at a variable rate set weekly by the bond remarketing agent (0.31% and 0.28% at May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014, respectively)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,440&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,805&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;42,519&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;34,372&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(8,353&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(6,055&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;34,166&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;28,317&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 62%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,415&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,630&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accruals and reserves&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,964 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,746 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;662&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;723&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Research and AMT credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;515&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;495&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;966&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;545&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,522&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,139&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,234&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(881&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,288&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,258&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Basis difference in investment in non-public company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(10,753&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(9,270&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(7,186&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(5,705&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Goodwill and other indefinite life intangibles&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(20,578&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(19,360&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(38,517&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(34,335&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(32,229&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(28,077&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Numerator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income applicable to Common Stockholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,544&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;19,145&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;22,587&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Denominator:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for basic net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,884 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,628&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,830 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;452&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;492&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;796&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted average shares for diluted net income per share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,336&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;26,626&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Diluted net income per share &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.85&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate (1)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,451 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,405 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11,214&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;566&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;711&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;731&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;353&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;99&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;370&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Tax-exempt interest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(378&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(369&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(406&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(172&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in value of contingent consideration&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,450&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;152&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(440&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,583 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;561&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;558&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;788&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;RSUs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;798&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;907&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Research and development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;718&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Sales, general and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,539&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,317&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;977&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value at May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 28%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Marketable securities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Investment in private company&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;61,500 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39,600 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;44 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;- &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trademarks &amp;amp; Trade names&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Customer Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 27, 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,557&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;58,985&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,606 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;58,034&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(886&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(886&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,720 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;57,148&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(885&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(885&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48,428&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,835 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;56,263&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 81pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt 8.1pt 0pt 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 81%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,136&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,631&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,768&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,003&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;257&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;624&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,419&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Finished goods &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,271 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11,111&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9,879 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,376&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Work in progress&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,877&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,248&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories, net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,027&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;24,735&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;GE and BofA&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;GE RE Loan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;M&amp;amp;E Loans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;BMO Harris&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;IRB&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 30%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,005&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,973&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,353&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,047&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,130&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;390&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,567&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,089 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,293&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;400&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,782&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,134 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,461&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;410&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,005&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,180 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,050&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;425&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,655&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,717&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;440&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10,157 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;15,172&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21,907&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,440&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;42,519&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;133,614 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;132,665 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;138,530 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;134,448 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14,188 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15,666 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16,885 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;18,668 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;65,407 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,353 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,223 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,772 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,196 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,544 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.14 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.16 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.50 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.09 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.12 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.14 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.15 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.50 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;109,479 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120,026 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;126,379 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;120,929 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;476,813 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12,532 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13,734 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20,155 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;16,143 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;62,564 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,752 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,451 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,400 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,542 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;19,145 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.13&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.24 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.72 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.18 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.13 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.24 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.71 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1st Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;div style=display: inline; bottom:.33em; font-size: 82%; position: relative; vertical-align: baseline; vertical-align: baseline; position: relative; bottom:.33em;&gt;nd&lt;/div&gt; Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3rd Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;4th Quarter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;FY 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;102,074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;114,654&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;117,867&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;107,113&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,763&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;18,459&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17,508&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;62,760&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,366&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,913&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,789&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,519 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;22,587 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss) per basic share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.35&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.87 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss) per diluted share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.34&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.17 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.85 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Canada&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;79.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;46.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Taiwan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;32.1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;31.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Indonesia&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;China&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Japan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Belgium&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.8&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;All Other Countries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;18.4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19.1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20.8&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;Food Products &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 0%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Hyaluronan-based &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Technology&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Food Export&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Biomaterials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Corporate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;TOTAL&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;430,415&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;67,837&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;40,432&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;573&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;80,500&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;67,714&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15,246&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;163,460&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;45,993&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,252&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14,609&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;553&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;65,407&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17,145&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,041&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,838&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(8,480&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,544&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;228,672 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,746 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;85,779 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,268&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;346,465&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,766&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,184&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;134&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,090&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12,895&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,499&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;117&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;17,511&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,417&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,417&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;254&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;29&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;315&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,655&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;174&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,829&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;792&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;177&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,729&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;360,728&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;69,827&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;45,704&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;554&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;476,813&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;47,224&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;69,710&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20,312&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;137,246&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;36,318&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,340&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,456&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;450&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;62,564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,041&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,973&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,695&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(11,564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,145&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;196,257&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,391 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;85,858&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,117&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;313,623&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,751&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,221&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;136&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,114&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,950&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,877&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;59&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14,886&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;242&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;260&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,402&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;248&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,650&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;33&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,530&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;320,447&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;78,568&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;41,281&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,412&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;27,532&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78,442&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,792&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;132,766&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;37,077&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,274&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,102&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,307&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;62,760&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,526&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,660&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,835&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(6,434&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;22,587&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;180,104 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21,737 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;80,940 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,161&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;290,942&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,761&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,379&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;151&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,295&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,598&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,190&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;89&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,877&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;42&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;179&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,707&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;301&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,008&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,399&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;339&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,400&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,314&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Impact on value of Windset investment as of May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 81%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in revenue growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,300 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in expense growth rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,200&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in income tax rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;10% increase in discount rates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(1,500&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Restricted Stock Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock Options Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;RSUs and&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Available&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;for Grant&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Restricted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average Grant Date &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 30%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 27, 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;449,643&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;348,166&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.93&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,046,432&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(26,666&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,666&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.01&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.01&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(231,086&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.74&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(671,563&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(28,416&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.20&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(44,977&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.34&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(10,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;422,977&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;95,330&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.52&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,339,892&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.58&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Additional shares reserved&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,000,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(420,131&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;128,631&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;291,500&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(62,499&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(398,080&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.45&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(12,162&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.86&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(12,452&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.66&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(2,846&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(5,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,000,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;149,300&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13.17&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,215,860&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.45&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,118,857&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;324,357&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.97&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;794,500&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.20&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(79,219&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;11.57&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(205,419&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.55&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,667&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(2,223&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(66,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;11.32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;881,143&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;392,771&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.15&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,736,718&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.19&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Outstanding Options &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;849,464&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.02&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2.74&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,328,606&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected to vest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;861,612&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.22&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;123,261&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,711,076&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.14&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4.73&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,451,867&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=15&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Options Outstanding&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options Exercisable &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Range of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Prices&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Outstanding &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercisable &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted &lt;br /&gt;Average &lt;br /&gt;Exercise &lt;br /&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate &lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 5.00 - $6.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;317,750&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2.10&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,746,675&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;317,750&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,746,675&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 6.01 - $9.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;315,191&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1.83&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,466,904&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;315,191&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,466,904&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 9.01 - $14.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;140,000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.14&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12.57&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;240,900&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;30,732&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10.55&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;115,027&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$14.01- $14.39 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;963,777&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.39&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.36&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;185,791&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 5.00 - $14.39&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,736,718&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4.76&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.19&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,454,479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;849,464&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.02&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,328,606&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.25&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.76&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.48&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.41&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px;; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;As of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;, 201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; beginning of the period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,035&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;998&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;766&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;103&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross decreases &amp;#x2013; tax positions in prior period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(141&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross increases &amp;#x2013; current-period tax positions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;76 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;129&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits &amp;#x2013; end of the period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;987&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,035&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;998&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;11.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Business Segment Reporting&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company manages its business operations through three strategic business units. Based upon the information reported to the chief operating decision maker, who is the Chief Executive Officer, the Company has the following reportable segments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;: the Food Products Technology segment, the Food Export segment and the Hyaluronan-based Biomaterials segment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Food Products Technology segment markets and packs specialty packaged whole and fresh-cut fruit and vegetables, the majority of which incorporate the BreatheWay specialty packaging for the retail grocery, club store and food services industry. In addition, the Food Products Technology segment sells BreatheWay packaging to partners for non-vegetable products. The Food Export segment consists of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia and domestically. The HA-based Biomaterials segment sells products utilizing hyaluronan, a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix of connective tissues in both animals and humans, for medical use primarily in the Ophthalmic, Orthopedic and Veterinary markets. Corporate licenses Landec&amp;#x2019;s patented Intellicoat seed coatings to the farming industry and licenses the Company&amp;#x2019;s Intelimer polymers for personal care products and other industrial products. The Corporate segment also includes general and administrative expenses, non-Food Products Technology and non HA-based Biomaterials interest income and income tax expenses. Beginning in fiscal year 2013, the Food Products Technology, the Food Export and the Hyaluronan-based Biomaterials segments include charges for corporate services and tax sharing allocated from the Corporate segment. All of the assets of the Company are located within the United States of America. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s international sales by geography are based on the billing address of the customer and were as follows (in millions): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 43%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Canada&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;79.7&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;46.6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Taiwan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;32.1&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;31.0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Indonesia&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;China&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.2&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5.0&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Japan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.5&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Belgium&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.8&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;All Other Countries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;18.4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19.1&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 16%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20.8&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;Operations by segment consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;Food Products &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 0%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Hyaluronan-based &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 40%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Technology&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Food Export&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Biomaterials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Corporate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;TOTAL&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;430,415&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;67,837&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;40,432&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;573&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;539,257&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;80,500&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;67,714&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;15,246&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;163,460&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;45,993&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,252&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14,609&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;553&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;65,407&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17,145&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,041&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,838&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(8,480&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13,544&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;228,672 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;27,746 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;85,779 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,268&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;346,465&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,766&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,184&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;134&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,090&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12,895&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,499&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;117&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;17,511&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,417&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,417&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;32&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;254&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;29&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;315&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,655&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,829&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;48&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;177&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6,729&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,746&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;360,728&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;69,827&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;45,704&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;554&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;476,813&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;47,224&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;69,710&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;20,312&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;137,246&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;36,318&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;5,340&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,456&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;450&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;62,564&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,041&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,973&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,695&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(11,564&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,145&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;196,257&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;25,391 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;85,858&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,117&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;313,623&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,751&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,221&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7,114&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,950&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3,877&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14,886&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;242&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;260&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,402&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,650&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,530&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;10,583&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fiscal Year Ended May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;320,447&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;78,568&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;41,281&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,412&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;441,708&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;International sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;27,532&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;78,442&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;26,792&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;132,766&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;37,077&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,274&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;19,102&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,307&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;62,760&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,526&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,660&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,835&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(6,434&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;22,587&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;180,104 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;21,737 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;80,940 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,161&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;290,942&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4,761&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;4&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,379&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;7,295&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,598&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,190&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;89&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8,877&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,125&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;137&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;179&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,707&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;301&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,008&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Income tax expense &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3,399&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;339&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,400&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4,314&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;9,452 &lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Partial Self-Insurance on Employee Health Plan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company records compensation expense for stock-based awards issued to employees and directors in exchange for services provided based on the estimated fair value of the awards on their grant dates and is recognized over the required service periods (generally the vesting period). For nonstatutory options, the cash flows resulting from the tax benefit due to tax deductions in excess of the compensation expense recognized for those options (excess tax benefit) are classified as financing activities within the statement of cash flows. The Company&amp;#x2019;s stock-based awards include stock option grants and restricted stock unit awards (&amp;#x201c;RSUs&amp;#x201d;). &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation for options and RSUs (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;561&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;558&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;788&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;RSUs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;798&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;907&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation by income statement line item (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Research and development&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;39&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;718&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Sales, general and administrative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,539&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,317&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;977&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,577&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,356&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,695&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The estimated fair value for stock options, which determines the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of compensation expense, is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model. RSUs are valued at the closing market price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant. The Company uses the straight line single option method to calculate and recognize the fair value of stock-based compensation arrangements. In addition, the Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and records stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if the actual forfeitures differ from the prior estimates. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards, which have a significant impact on the fair value estimates. As of May 31, 2015, May 25, 2014 and May 26, 2013, the fair value of stock option grants was estimated using the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 85%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 15%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.25&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;3.76&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0.48&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.32&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.41&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 46%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 15%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5. Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Convertible Preferred Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company has authorized two million shares of preferred stock, and as of May 31, 2015 has no outstanding preferred stock.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Common Stock and Stock Option Plans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015, the Company had 881,143 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;common shares reserved for future issuance under Landec equity incentive plans.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On October 10, 2013, following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Company, the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers), consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates are eligible to participate in the Plan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Plan provides for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options), stock grants, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;stock units and stock appreciation rights. Awards under the Plan will be evidenced by an agreement with the Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;participants and 2.0 million shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock (&amp;#x201c;Shares&amp;#x201d;) were initially available for award under &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;the Plan. Under the Plan, no recipient may receive awards during any fiscal year that exceeds the following amounts: (i) stock options covering in excess of 500,000 Shares; (ii) stock grants and stock units covering in excess of 250,000 Shares in the aggregate; or (iii) stock appreciation rights covering more than 500,000 Shares. In addition, awards to non-employee directors are discretionary. However, a non-employee director may not be granted awards in excess of 30,000 Shares in the aggregate during any fiscal year. The exercise price of the options is the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock on the date the options are granted. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On October 15, 2009, following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201c;2009 Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers), consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the 2009 Plan. The 2009 Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;nonstatutory and incentive stock options), stock grants, stock units and stock appreciation rights. Under the 2009 Plan, 1.9 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;million Shares were initially available for awards and as of May 31, 2015, 865,834 options to purchase shares and restricted stock units (RSUs) were outstanding. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On October 14, 2005, following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (&amp;#x201c;2005 Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective. The 2005 Plan replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s four then existing equity plans and no shares remain available for grant under those plans. Employees (including officers), consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the 2005 Plan. The 2005 Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options), stock grants, stock units and stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;appreciation rights. Under the 2005 Plan, 861,038 Shares were initially available for awards, and as of May 31, 2015, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;168,550 options to purchase shares were outstanding. The exercise price of the options was the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock on the date the options were granted. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The 1995 Directors&amp;#x2019; Stock Option Plan (the &amp;#x201c;Directors Plan&amp;#x201d;) provided that each person who became a non- employee director of the Company, who had not received a previous grant, be granted a nonstatutory stock option to purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock on the date on which the optionee first became a non-employee director of the Company. Thereafter, on the date of each annual meeting of the stockholders each non-employee director was granted an additional option to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock if, on such date, he or she had served on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors for at least six months prior to the date of such annual meeting. The exercise price of the options was the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock on the date the options were granted. Options granted under this plan were exercisable and vested upon grant. Under the Directors Plan, 800,000 Shares were initially available for awards, and as of May 31, 2015, 10,000 options to purchase shares were outstanding. No shares remain available for grant under the Directors&amp;#x2019; Plan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Activity under all Landec equity incentive plans is as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock-Based Compensation Activity&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Restricted Stock Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock Options Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;RSUs and&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Available&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;for Grant&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Restricted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average Grant Date &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 30%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 27, 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;449,643&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;348,166&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.93&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,046,432&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(26,666&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6,666&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.01&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;20,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;9.01&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(231,086&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.74&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(671,563&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(28,416&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.20&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(44,977&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.34&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(10,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.32&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;422,977&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;95,330&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.52&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,339,892&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.58&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Additional shares reserved&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,000,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(420,131&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;128,631&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;291,500&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(62,499&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.18&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(398,080&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.45&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(12,162&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.86&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(12,452&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.66&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(2,846&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(5,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.32&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,000,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;149,300&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;13.17&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1,215,860&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;8.45&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,118,857&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;324,357&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;13.97&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;794,500&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.20&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Awarded/Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(79,219&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;11.57&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(205,419&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.55&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(1,667&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(2,223&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Plan shares expired &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;(66,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;11.32&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;881,143&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;392,771&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;14.15&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,736,718&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.19&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;          &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Upon vesting of certain RSUs and the exercise of certain options during fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, certain RSUs and exercised options were net share-settled to cover the required exercise price and withholding tax and &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;the remaining amounts were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. The Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the exercise price for options and the employees' minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;shares withheld for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 112,443, 47,573 and 145,159 RSUs and options, respectively, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;which was based on the value of the option and/or RSUs on their exercise or vesting date as determined &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;by the Company's closing stock price. Total payments for the employees' tax obligations to the taxing authorities during fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were approximately $343,000, $1.3 million and $49,000, respectively. These net-share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number of shares that would have otherwise have been issued as a result of the vesting and did not represent an expense to the Company.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes information concerning stock options outstanding and exercisable at May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=15&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Options Outstanding&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=10&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Options Exercisable &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Range of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Prices&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Outstanding &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Remaining&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Contractual&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Exercisable &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted &lt;br /&gt;Average &lt;br /&gt;Exercise &lt;br /&gt;Price &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate &lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 20%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 5.00 - $6.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;317,750&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2.10&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.65&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,746,675&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;317,750&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5.65&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2,746,675&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 6.01 - $9.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;315,191&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;1.83&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,466,904&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;315,191&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.46&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;2,466,904&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 9.01 - $14.00 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;140,000&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;6.14&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;12.57&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;240,900&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;30,732&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;10.55&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;115,027&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$14.01- $14.39 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;963,777&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.39&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.36&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;185,791&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.30&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$ 5.00 - $14.39&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,736,718&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4.76&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.19&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,454,479&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;849,464&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.02&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 7%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,328,606&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At May 31, 2015 and May 25, 2014 options to purchase 849,464 and 984,610 shares of Landec&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock were vested, respectively, and 887,254 and 231,250 were unvested, respectively. No options have been &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;exercised prior to being vested. The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value, based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price of $14.29 on May 29, 2015, which would have been received by holders of stock options had all holders of stock options exercised their stock options that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of May 31, 2015, was 663,673 shares. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year 2015 was $1.5 million. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 10pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 26pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Option Awards &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div&gt;   &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;         &lt;tr&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Outstanding Options &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;849,464&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;8.02&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;2.74&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,328,606&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected to vest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;861,612&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;14.22&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;123,261&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;1,711,076&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;11.14&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;4.73&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5,451,867&lt;/td&gt;      &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;       &lt;/table&gt;  &lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;As of May 31, 2015, there was $7.6 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested equity compensation awards granted under the Company&amp;#x2019;s incentive stock plans. Total expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 2.6 years for both stock options and restricted stock awards. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Stock Repurchase Plan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On July 14, 2010, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the establishment of a stock repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of up to $10 million of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock. The Company may repurchase its common stock from time to time in open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased is at the discretion of management of the Company and will depend on a variety of factors, including stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions, the relative attractiveness of other &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;capital deployment opportunities and other corporate priorities. The stock repurchase program does not obligate Landec to acquire any amount of its common stock and the program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time at the &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Sales Returns and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company carries its accounts receivable at their face amounts less an allowance for estimated sales returns and doubtful accounts. Sales return allowances are estimated based on historical sales return amounts. Further, on a periodic basis, the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based on review of the overall condition of accounts receivable balances and review of significant past due accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific identification of past due amounts and for accounts over 90-days past due. The changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts are summarized in the following table (in thousands).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; width: 700px; border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at beginning of period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Additions from acquisitions and adjustments charged to revenue and expenses&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Write offs, net of recoveries&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Balance at end of period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 26, 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;512&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;109&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 25, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;583&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;143&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Year ended May 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;516&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;(134&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;382 &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The accounting estimates that require management&amp;#x2019;s most significant and subjective judgments include revenue recognition; sales returns and allowances; self insurance liabilities;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities; the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets; the valuation of intangible assets and inventory; the valuation of investments; and the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: 36pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

begin 644 image.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``(!`0(!`0(`@(`@(`P4#`P
#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#]_****`B



\1920'CE1XW7JKHRD`@BN-L_P!K
<<V8D\\8B.\Y3[OS=.:\D_X





%]%)X?\
M
(B^MKB2YMBDE.LJ?


M?-7@W]C[]H[QY^SCK
WBW5?BUI7CWP[\.[R/P;;V?Q%N=-)\0)J6KR6(ND@U

M*_

M&WE;+D#Y


B?='
S2OO:23[SIVM%/O_7K]Z7H8
MJ5WHM/\`A_ZZ^H4444BPHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***


;)1M$9PDC.JU[W7`?';]F3P?^T?



MTBM)I)'O(M7.G
ICO82HBNW;.]6577;7JOP&_:]C_:&^*EO'H441\%ZS\.M%

7RQ&

:U_P3:^%&JP



M+Z9':7LJ6D\Z
[6\






0B.[L

Y!IS2B+6K^1KF73O-87%Q:B2/ZZ_:`

:QIESHGB/4=`OK&Z$$UOYD=U83P3KF&XF0@/M
K7D5U9
M9CNK.<VA,URJS$!7V\\[X4_X+?\`PP\7:UXNTFTT#Q'=Z[X2BBE;2]*U_P`+
MZ]=7_F:C;Z=L0:;J]RMNXN+N`;;QK<D,Q4,4<+[_`/##]CSX=_!ZYL;C0]!F
M%Y86=_8?;+_5+S4KN\COIH9KMKJ:YEDDNI97MX2TL[228CA@N17&^#_`/@F

M


M^&OBWPWJ^F6WC9SX/2%-$TW4/'NO:EHVE^3;?98FBTVXO)+-72+(5Q#N!)8'





5OI



]N
/VG-&^'P'











*B-(5
MPHK1S4=E97?G;5V\GK;6][75M5+X.:.]GIY\T[*_G'D5]EYN]OK#Q_\`MM_!











M2/*S*JL)II-0N&D((7)78D8&*\.M/^#?_P$5GX,U#14UJ^C@U\MKUS;^`/

MOA76H]/EN5&JB2SOM]K&MD87TW8PGFB=Y'EAK+ZUVWA#_@J!\)M=\(-=76


M-BWRRL]O\[4U^:F_PZJT/BW_`(*=:+!I/BR?POX=N_$MSI_ARUU?PU8SRS:1


M_']?Y?NJ-6]U27IOAO\`;_\`A/XK\

M=/M8C;20+



MUW$20QJ8VC39&JHY*?'7_@EOJ'Q*^.&F^+/#_C3PQH@TF]DO])O=2\)3:AXD

M]5:SZZ

M4)AGA##.R2

9I
MY@HQODD/+R
VN(KVQLIM4UF*272O#MO<744$VJ7B1NC-:VD<C3R#S(ALB;=+NZ5/6:*




M_PHL'@;XH:]X%O]1\):-XV_P$Z\*Z+X;\,ZRYM]=U31-3BT@W-X;7SA)*
M\4MW?Q^;&OE(UKM8,4?=X#9?\%G_`(H1?BU\1Z'K'P5^
][J&AOJ&MZ/X+T
MUK2X^$[?:[2'S]9EN-9DMVBC2XG=H[B73=WV.4^=$BRO%^HY&X8]:Q/AI\-]

SM@=V)/O0]?ZZ62M^%V][

M+







MTZ?S?.^9&3OBU)/^@7Q3\


*O$?PG^%NHS^.O!#Q?#+5;







W

M?\*A^*7_`$6#_P`M2T_^*KXOB3(HYU66)Q&5XN

MZGCAMTDB)B:=KB\1)'1[N8$D]/\`\*A^*7_18/\`RU+3_P*J%/?QJ\*W\B
MV7BSP;XJMIHT/F:UISV




QY9B222:^PC\?-+7?_TI/\KI^7P\NIX$I7BE%=5]W*X_
`[N:YNFN)-GCLM4:\\(Z5Y-O<-#<_Z7':V\*+;1J;I)!(9/
MU+HIQDU/GZZV\KJS\MF[:;O6Z]T4G?[M?.T5'UW5W9^2MN?E;\*?VE?VLOB3
M\1;[08;GXT:/I&N-IH;4=7\'&:]\

?LD?
M&7P3\

-



MQ2OJERW_`.WI2N_/7I9;Z;6_+;]J']I;XPW%WKWAN;7_`(JW7C3Q:/&VCGX=

Q1^^?%N[^/^C_


UU2YOGS<O;






MJWQVQS-J





:;^P+^S5IUI=O+XN\7:@\ZMJ=K8?9KKQKKSP)$]RT
M:EQ`'$K'I,=K;PP6TB*&(?.__!/']M72/VQ?G_]_%?PZ\;Z?X4U.^
MN8_'7BBY\/6?ACPU;:?/*K!(_PU)+N$++`_[Y[88(R6`+RO_3^89SCW5_LS
M+(QGB$E*I*5_948N]G/5.4I6:A!-.5G)N*W_`!;9;AE2^OXURC1;Y8I6YZD
MNT=&DEO*332V2D[V^AH/$OQ-_:4L%ET-8OASX0OHRT.HW`%QJM]$PE57CC!`
MB##RSU5AD






'?
MB/;W'C[P?96?PDU:ZL+S5-2\2Z;:!(4$$?\`:UK
ERX;3WDN(D2:3$;R(%*D

YA=MV
M56*7M.;6W

^/%\(:AXX\#OK$'A_Q)


!M?U72HO&F@
M^))[O5=7OK(07/BNUN;.[_LW7+PB2(:AYEB(+2:1+8P_;-.U&WB@V(([SY_B

\T^JXJ7
X^

M/#/@?2H=*L]T4




MKGBG6GN$M'EC$!EM=-@$.E6
JVJK:B2RLX'\@


(%Y

]C

L





M&RJ))=6KJ*];VY?71WZGUI^R;_P0W\/_L[ZC\,(_$7B?1_B)X?\`?#C5OAY
MJ&BZEX4C6S\1QW^J#4&N)8Y)Y4KCRS$RR!_O;A]VO0OBA_P2YTC0OBQ\
?'
MOP%N_!OP/\3?#'4]-M;W\'QWGAG4]/U%0US!/IUM/9%9//2*998IXR&5@X
MD##;\&?LT_\`!:+XJ?!#_@GQXGQX)\.VFL_!OP3X4M]`\%7FG3S:Y/I%Q96*


5=%2



MOLK`LD065KCY4R6+$FO=O@S^P?K_`




M$5K=6M]IVGZ_JEU`%64&*:5X&RK!X`RE*]

M=?+/VL;?%*=O^W^:-1_/FA%NV[2W4E?EBZ;I2:^%1U_P\K@OERS:79-[-.W;
M?`[_`((G^*?V;#\)/$7A'XP^'F^(WPMF\3C^T=9\!R7VB:E;Z[=M=3HM@FI1
M36\L;E0DJ7A)4

\0VV

M$/!(K`97'T!7Q_#

^@SB3I4


MP5\5:YX2^+7B?X8?$/X;Z9:(/7B;2QJECXHSOW&UUVNY+M9HXTD\F.Y-])

EHCSFXFN))(_IBOH\!E.P/
L'2C34K744DM%9:+3;0\G%8[$8FWUB;G;



)
M0Q%.;I5Z=^2I&W

MLTU)=)+7=.Z;3YCX5_&'P_\`&;PY'J6@W\5R#&KSVQ8YLBVX!94!)0Y5@.S
M;25)&#73UYC\3?V4_#GCO56UG36N_7B@;WCU?1Y#;REV$F3(JD!]QD)8_*[
M`8W@5DZ?XC^


TRZU'/
-*2Z5:$95(R_Q4HIU8-]E&I'^^MCT*F4X+%WJ9964?^G=6
M4827I-M0DO-N

/B?^UO!^MP;5N=
U'3YS+$Q17R
MB'*'=P6L0



`R:O3H87+L)3C/5/V-.
M4FDXI_%&
([V:]Y]5):N/ZYP;B
5F-.56OB\1)QW7M)J.J?:3D]M]%TL]+X?


WNH1




M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHKF_BQ\8_/P&\$7/B

[!$#S3


#Y



=Q=B22T3.G[8I6%W&'GP@VRA5V;8OFM_L^-/]T_X*6?

M:S


PE8/)A0-XC3Y0B?+Y?V:U_2&


C6L:6]NGWA\'/COX'_:)\(?\)!\/_&7A7QU



M\U?4K#2K22X@LUGO+A((VGGE2&&(
Q`WR2R1QHO5G=5`)(%??^1\L7Z**S[O
MQ9I=AXDM-&GU*PAU?4+::\M;&2X1;FY@A:)9I4C)W
D;30AF`PIEC!(W#(!H



N;6
MWO\`Q3J%]97T%U










MY/$(;3_[
AM5-X4L#L.H*)-/


7?

M/RRC`6UM;66\KN#WD;EB_P`QXG]I[]H_]H7Q5^R!\8_BU\+_`!3\+?`V@^#-
M.\2+I.G:OX2N]:UFY;26NH)+EKL7\-O;2/+;2%(7LKE4`0N9-S1K
9.+4NU_
MQM)M]]U'JVDU9I
ZH\SQ/)!)2Y[*VUT^5)=HKD;CM:]]&XGNO[;WPH\7?%K]


PJ-3@WD[6!23:C87=YI^SU^WCKES\0[_`

^-_!?CK^SM2^(



*C876E:MK:9XB?2[+Q?=V6M:==32


_:YLA/:ZEYL+WU](_[@&`QK%'%]



5V1.#FHNE+FZ\J2]+6NO-ZOFW?-*5[6:B47R\

M/B=%H\'A3Q7'#*+V]UP'48!J4;3-9ON

M\%^-=6U_Q_?Z]/\`$/7%\5PS^-[JYT)_#4EKJGV
Q:7)=-:1K]H_LXIY
(N$


/F


N

MT'S


MDQW$T;B!T$B2%'#+Q5#6O^6?P5\1^/-,\0W^A^++RXT3Q$OBS3=/F\=Z^^B
MZ;JBW!NA=0:8;W[%$WG,SD)%)=\@AV!^AJ*:;34ENM5Y/3_`7W+L)Z[_U_
M5W]YYU\-OV7?WPE^)%]XDT1+^WEO8;Q$LI+CSK:TEO=1GU*_GBW`R![FYF5


FGX72^
MY-V[79XYXI_8*^&GC7XJW7B_4['Q3<WU_J$&JWFF_P#9:RGA^]NX5B$4TVC




%`!1110`4444`?_9
`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 1 - Organization
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis (Details) - USD ($)
May. 31
 2015
May. 25
 2014


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]









































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]









































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]








500


600





500


600





















































































Value of the investment at close of period. For schedules of investments that are categorized
 the value would be aggregated by category. For investment in and advances to affiliates
 if operations of any controlled companies are different in character from those of the company
 group such affiliates within divisions and by type of activities.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-12.Column C.3
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-14.Column E.2
3)



























Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.
 -Subparagraph a
 f
 g






















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May. 31
 2015
May. 25
 2014
May. 26
 2013




480


785


808























594


998


846














789


059


218














152


585


606





746


583


452















































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May. 31
 2015

Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options Vested
 Outstanding Number

464















328
606





612















261





711
076















451
867




































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are expected to vest.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0````(`#@V_T:;*Y3H$P(``)DF```3````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W:2V[;
!`&X*L8VA86S9?Z0)Q-TVT;H+T`*XTMPJ)(D(SCW+Z4G!2M
MX19)&P/_QK(\Y
_C



@J
M4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM`D56@RI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(

M]AQ2U\=43'X




MY_)Q2K=/N4R%#5=:EWFE5%^.-_]O7:;^#*G_^E+M^1-02P
$%`````@`.#;_
M1D2


M

%Q[F?S[[[


M^9PS&$M6ER!


XU[IM9]VXJ+11Z4^I'O0P.A1M)ETPVW;[3%/

ZT#
4QZ6Z=?+T$N1$:N
MA$$YDFO1NL+D;8=D

C
`T0#YQ@4KAM#7?N:]VS:3)9`9
M?83`CC^@)4JGY*M`VKA@)@W?+XPV80.$KLJJD$M`R=(&KW)+!AB;Y8^UY@*T
M)E/(W?7Z`94,,#;+WVNL%ACEV1+8'N9*<\%QP)`[;UE3-;V%#F9(
-X*`8^


'?JH:AHKS09(8?(S4M







!J9S]6:\?1TDB`@LE]E`6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\


MKFNDZ19H0D;CZWH2%;7E0-
@`%AP=M;

M_L;%!-9ITAF6-$9RG9`%#@`WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0'`*D3&6H8;X
MM



^
M8


=4KY

6D$N!LT$D




N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/`@F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.
MK3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L`P%(1=RX^_ODVIWC-?Z+(%MA%0R9-47RD.)P3TS


6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$

M\PRA9CC?AT6:&C/5BZPYC0IO0=5`Y3_;U`UH]@TT')$%7C&9MC:CY$X*/-S^



8(AS&(:_9@JD*I*+F*H*S

*2


E!6?8B7700C2S4_3!$?HX1#M6
]T4T/FFS7Q35GMND:








M/

6LV2:



MK0\4=MEN)B\

M*@%4[@82;@V@`P`=O`5=&2]9RO;95[L2K7H:)ORW



L0


DS2O*?HV0K

Y_B:HV.Y[LZGJ/C



MV_FN&9VC[1QMYSMF]#.)50M'VSEE^W94F(H1:E1_4[93BP-'VSG:SBG;R75F



O=&YX325T%3_=A9_-KIH7<:




@%C;QIKT(YO=


MK`+;100@0\L93!;`9`YFZ8W#5:S\@$4`L'#LT)\-$\E
.N0!1.[ZO?FPFTA2







:`
M)ZK5B;IJED29M5Y=3X60I19LR$\,JLI:G6J@@!F[C'P?


6.$3)^N!D%CH@CR%'
D7C\=D*./\DRO.X7*9FEH

MI\


M?UZG

@

O?R2


2Q^
MG@GEXRF

MA?
W






MBSVT9\5F8F


E]U;W%\Z6QWFH*:.
4E4W%2G\V:W


MV
+6]=32F/F?M=&OG%


M[?5WN_9A5KAOZW[^'^W?^Z%M/D

M-4*G2O:P4B-*QHBHE



ME;J8U

MA*^6.:3..'M

/.O0P8SQ36F*

J/F`
MR/AQ+%S

M:FS




M/LQ_@_LG[7K)H/CKZ]-\#SK@W^NJI_]RQ_[A[GJ8_%?VG[(?+NX\-O?%'T



M#
;2B09F




H8HWX'D
MK'D_$$ZR1F&Y08R80)`)/'X`:4(IN^6W$1D-*`96(&0%GN&3:/+DC$(TDK
8

M01-
K;1Y8A`%2E&V1.M)-/4GOMJ.++1

NJOG_]P`
N0N9




M3+HL4R:3;G1B:-
1K5;6^&TU]ZVI_

6CKJ@Y-*H6


M[^#Y]4HKG/9O[C]=M2;]B2HX/96%[HR80,/%5#2]






M2F*L;:6VLMG^^^K+63Z#



[Y6=WN_4T0$;$7[OF_1Q]7PSDO[7M]^'''X]WRVS@T.R;
MAV[HHNX_?C15L]\//?4C_S-W^FO





]C^]+A$




MG7EN$





KFS36)J6%U+L

_155`5`]2@'*919S

MZL8-Q'.+%(5^%P%:%$%/WMGR)8Y]29D!@XN


M2_\93D223LP9!)M%1/5)AH-.?R0454BOH)F0GM^R903LX^TL6C'2$F.&RI:D



A%;-L!H`\GD?LM@`V7N=0T52[`%:E)*
M





MGO$Y9\[X4DYH7FT/X

UCTH;J]P`.UW6C2*.Q^:CMG!`&\B




+`U;L?N`J






5`H<]O
'67YI^0Y02P
$%`````@`


M?5/;;N

#XBO,7BL=C2+%D!!Z:."-,1[DI
M*!0*OTV:GR4C\7Q]4K]/W0;W!^'@#M5?6?DVF
THJ:`6O?+/.#S`U




NTD#TMBWCV:



(L.;5EQ#\ZQ`'?D'GU^FK;QRN(GV;HF^_$%A_([.

M2X[H?&=C;QI$!]Y$=K.AI//_9]DH:%Q8WOJU24\J;1P.\P=9?FGY#E!+`P04


M

MU]E4F[P`


@F!!?0G!

M(S6.QN?F+=[E=3[P-)



RYX;6Q]4]M.XS`0_17+'X!3M[1L

M=D=;Y_HM8[9L00M[A3UT_J9&HX7SIFF8[0V(*I*T8CS+UDP+V=$BC[XG4^0X
3^GVL


ZOTQ?_I#A
M+7*?KZ&X'5

M965T





+Y;X&?




MU7_%;+W[([=PC_)9-*[W9C-*&FCY*-TC3K_AG
(F-8H;1Q)/5J':J90HOAK
MFH6.\Y1NBIEVG9??EN
VB\10HVOS)':]*@Q






AGPC:+QE.@
M:/.!.UX6!D=B4FE['CJXV.6^$!7QWBP-5S'[@B+4[G8;@IVD*?


=LO0=A%

NBYRW\Y:85VI(C.M_9V)L&T8$WD=VL

$%`````@`.#;_1@Z=B-VD
M`0``L0



)TA$=0*@J%P'].FF\A






3Y@%P;SZ$H)_'6+/S^C\

T7`ODW`GD46
\IKB^F^!F3





0$?!;PF2OUB1X/R$^A\W/^DS8`$45XH#^=X0&4D(^






-IHU/QY(*Q]ZEXBVG

M


MW
#*03SB=R




4X=6?@(CE9Q&[/C%`%&$!3$$`EC,UZQ`%$3KP2!



TEUJ2=S6;W89/)/.P^4WM:S8X

HHS]S<F\PS<=.LJN%-(G7CG



M+@S<F%^HYKFF10MDMV_;:A-8;(CYD<4R

RQ
0)IT,3'K,,FZ8Q)Z@EL@B8^9ALV6<^8K,<:1PT\3$39V(S8[+Q!
+'
MSL=
)'X[8[+U!

W-?$DPME_`DVD/YFY



KQK^7]0
M2P
$%`````@`.#;_1H6
'-ZF`0``L0






$%`````@`.#;_1DQ%W.ND
M`0``L0


D@IJ
2CW@N
C3FL@V)RL:1E(-UJ
\4


<B;A12/3T'UOR-P

YFJ.?.XGI=Y\
M\*LZ1+%/`3B4UBM0-YSA$3CW0L[X?=+\M/3$Z_E%_3E4Z[(_40./BO]EE6U=

.[MXHJT3R$0@


TT+.1ODW7!38W!#9!()U*_+%:X@*S
MB]=-MC=

W(#+$!```6!```&0```'AL



C

M_.&UZWS8#*
:&C8(]ZK''S5$!-66MCX1=5@G99GD:2?:26J]B.:6633;1E


MX?PK*/\!4$L#!!0````(`#@V_T9]


7[36C


M49VT$4`#J5QM0V5W@&SIV0-?XS:WY8.N)]_Z;^S5=KTU^HAF?)?[/*M#9L





M)RF3'9-D)1!OFJPQAVV3=


MB!]0')QT:^18:CI-V\.DJ@_;



)KI0;C)!IBH=O1
M^]5VOXZ(!/@M87879Q)S/R`^1^-GNZ-%3`$4-#XJB+`=X0&4BD(A\-^3YFO(

MW!R-5ZGZB*BK8\WO[BIVC$)O
/N

M-M

M971S+W-H965T


M@+

M9D$0K[Y8T




M.2YX;6Q]4\MNVS`0_!6'Q#*E!^I(0N(4Q3MH400WNFI95$A.2J)&6E?U^2


NTD(:613I[LF6!@U?2P)

MP

MA.D
CZ!4%`J!_\R:;R$C\7I]4?^6L@WN3\+!(ZK?LO9=
)M14D

AT)4)'AS-%ZE[.B+

39K4@6%!?

EP]!V%5--=@V
M/1U'*AR

M638*&A^7N[VTY.:-A[[RP=9?FGY#U!+`P04``````X-O]&S'ZR[^X%``#N



MN?\L

AT)))2U1@R`)$5YK?1






C\1D[-B@*[-7`6A1A

M



MIQ
([47Z1-)\P(

8R<I-&&[U?U)B

A%JM5&S;\B^%<:
M^%H,$1/LS@\M#@G==%FI/-R#VG&&=$X^6-^A*L7^9@_TLD'XJAY;$2/Y=?'


A[-7M151#?\`K8&E;MQ;!=L1K'\


E-P^9;D3]?/^R*E[I]
MVT)[ZA['Z3[4Y?'SZ:+K(TZK_P%02P
$%`````@`.#;_1D@*[44A`@``708`





MTABG_7OT;S9;37_DAPX_=U4JM:P41A4Y(RO5+WQ_CL94DA-P))3:7^#\BH5
M9W=+&##\X=JFM6WO5M;18/,;X&`HR'.%@UH

MHX];P*^WV
.)'?HV.

MS#1KY-



MC591CZ

7VI-.OCE1UF(AN^SL\9X1

SUWU2J^O0N39



MULQ+5!A9/X9BB4H?G6BP6KK`



R`.T#I[]\N/

M%ZA&24GC3)Q!%

F9A.41+=&][Z



M!S!X`[









'Y$#A9T8#J@6$2$Z1<0N+0;


5QGTQ!BLVH-@S6MZ@X+9V.(MZV6%Z58V'616Y
M]5P7G'EW;FZO0-;;S7XNFYZJP]\R63J@*_Z-Z+7IF74B7%1S58\OA'`L[(EL

$%`````@`.#;_1IR_@`-@

6LCXD)P=VA
$CY+4-H[GNI'3


^\?.Q@RA$QQ


%;/O+N$VE'T+B[H3E-
4?YVKG2




M*]5M

J*&
51&*:8D:8-\LS.O8D\XQ=%







ZVX$E4\DNKAA=]FIUJZFMDOO
O\X6NM4-I

&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,W+GAM;(U5VXZ;,!3\%8L/6*Z!))(FU15^U!IM0_M


M*


'/T\X+M`4@4$JM@%5SA0
0HH54X+^CYCVD)L[[-_7O)EOE_H@%



O)@*](%@?2)3.:8


M:&5E='






LKP@
M5V^TTARCADV:AUE#G/\


_


M^N314V47HHKDJV@Y&R-:H;($A13:K&+W*[]R**G-\4JQKZ(CQYJVLB_NXI

A\00GCB3]M<[W:3B]</$]VKR[L:JL6/G3K9!


M_G3['O2IH#$

[!\T*@WM.1*?Q)QK1KI';G2



MY

OVGYVJ

MJ_/
)_[EQL]L?VBZ&\%\&EQYVZR099VITJOD;N9_(X]K)CI(C_B5R7

IS?S'!/V?LR
.SR_15_WCMO+?

)B2$D



M6CB*%([V?&:$



M#.BZ3&#)

*P7
ML&$O8-RUF\4LSH869TS87+.`(.[H`PS=-K/[[ES=@!SN9%@78
#@B;4]K@S(


MVXZ;








BYX;6R-

MY
W


M;/QPX
!KOI=#BE)=WOB.U_60257^.R7]J#D$+N_OV;_IX2KZ+V7/=Z+^4QWD

WKQL6XE


1&:O0)%!
M4!U/IT&D]@0

E


+C=;9!PQ:P;
M(`J1HPYJ1&)0=:5`C/9$8`U5


#
0`S*:PY1R<0FY1/$_N`#%26N%8(\S)D:^ADRZV8LOCS
M!^6=D($C:98XQ$FQO8&&QB1;%W-+EZ;_HJ0%8*5DXAA+7=].%-L=J'&($SLC
MLM0@8W%D)[2$)8RPSUM-L/C0;WAWT@U0[^W%M97C%_W\=FZRGD`WA_P(K^4


9$0


]3X0U8^A?*3&5R*J\KTB

MQA-(7DL?R[@9BEPP(M[0303BSMG@09D!;4+S&I'J5)M_\4N!V\PH_C^@


0;V/:-S$V5+*6



X$&*NM8+?#_Q.MCT;EG(OE=2

MKH0D02OQMTH]J[(\SO

A(']\H!UJ6Q&)9_X[!'WD
M%$+]_1[]NRR7V]]#BG:X_=


]FUX^;^I+Y@\RNR`8!
$H`
FL(!P$X4
0S0JB01`]3Q5BAR(
MC)8%@3?'*)F[P+%(@&KB`]U[?#JJ2L^R?$51%E\E#'(^]#!#*8K6(R81
M\'CT,44PG6(;:/+`EF!G$%8/E8ZDL=U$.%-G*/6AJM-/[`&BF01'B#P39.]


M

*;L\2DIE?(W&8-


W\S*]O8Z-%



MCH/-[:;I4F3MQ[M=V3SO
K65_QV3?M;L`MWKC^PO_7!;^F]9;5=E_L]QVQQ:



*\8H^D!*Z:G
MJD^@Q@2&3@!
`D`)8LSR-'1UP



M9#1!SQ*I+&7H2DYG$NLLI6L)USR
3IP)QZ4X/4JD1_QY70FU93.*,161-Y)
MX/0HL1YIJY.N'H5)M/:-BM.C=/4(PK/):='B?0(GL88M
);&#G=*X13:1(E

ME7
PA1V




\UB?L[V]J^LVA]/=?!6-DU9

$
M%`````@`.#;_1F8C%

MLXV%H2O(D:`Y(IH#5G-$@VQXR832'OM]I39D/-^1RK$@.:0U9P;(7E2V00



MUU
]H-UA5XR32N&;F23O(P6&)BL





5TQ4$5\,5)=6!G

5`&-NJ

MM&L'44XX;;H%C$.[^


MBP
R
M_]Y<O]K;&,P8<-N4W?0?;]=WU1O3<*@*G[-VU



!;&LT@6+8QCD2Q;)(Q%XEFDBQ:S1D\:!6EJXF6?E/%)/9]L\8;P


;Z(Y+\DJ


.@!PGUD'DSIDC
B2#U1*./11@CZZZ(..AQ]AQ:&/$O1]4981/ASZ


M0JH6DJHY4K6$5.W5Z50E*1`%5'.H:@FJOB@G*HWF4-425+6'*JR`RAZ'JI84

M*


MG1=FYX.^.;^M
]\7NS=_`%!+`P04``````X-O]&SH:_E6,``#Q!P``&0``


KZ)#_PSWXR=&5=W+M[EF3$5?71M

WR/ASO9
MS17!NN#V$<Z-AF;3S9[HZBK6YVMTRJY&4<SS<YIL-7`J$BT]Q&!EQ$[/#''
M?O
T$&%JS5
3N!W*\X7*@V!U
MPRQ:?_$
(G=#4`@8N&O`($R?P(\8V$_T]O5:P4*@0Z@@P;0F`B+]II;-P
MT@5.J

MQP

M:&5E='


98&HN=J\-
M






7:Y!Z@_1H(#1K
/4&
MT]@(S9QW
Y=$FQPG6T2;'*9;1


M&MEJM+:8YB+4V

MF.8;U`A



MQ3TXSH



R@H6

#'10H@

M$95_+%&$&\Z_#(CH_&-!(0`I)%I[9#T1U2





M74*11H\B5SU/5&O8]:_!^M?$WJ3YZPEXRL!O%S2^KD-*#DLR'5($!PCA!?:'
M!8B..



R@\#/6I0LB_-V!V33E)YVEE(6`

MU(5!_N:D,6L!BS`&

!+EKT-B#KB8BBPK'P=*(L^A3-%E/U\()L$#0._Y:W&?[UY7VVKT

N7NKF91-CUSU-U[VIR_?#PX'')Q3G
M_P-02P

MQY&&WW'^ID]^'C8QT`RL97NI+:C:7=F6M:UV4B/_G4P_QM2%]O'=_;MI5^'O





Z69F.O*`0;Z@FU&3




2YX;6R-F
V.


1HN?A;RUUG4P!/^BU.MP
LXW3[\E[R5CZK\


L_4KB+#F.EP698P1
H)\20%
MJ^`P9EJ*4X;L

FQ6/N+I$GDW(M1FGO.8(E(^Z*E818DQ
MTV5








M@E


@

BBL;MD73U^$1/I.=O]G3H:L8?AT
TG@92
M[Z:@KHU@'*=15S=]6)73V.M0E?3
VJ8GKT
8(@$^)70RZC=A\(\^^4?HB''[ME&`L/
MI5;)BAJ?ODD:]*V@HDK_U&D-TT1J-]?V;]-T^7VW^N1K&G[N]FQ(W<;A\&.

`,2%9`\&H!5`+X+B.3<I\QM:E97Y4`OP2`_]ZD6JPHL,/\V
MVXG:PS%J^F#$15?E9IGI;1IR`R,N)@1

M\%4?0`]\;`62=E-O:GR%HQ*+5('A:\*`7[$+M;*"#D\^NK6&6K*-I`%\M
M`J



')+^5H21(94:I?26U*19\[9ZS@0(^P`


$%```


M`(TFP*XD$0WP1X48`'`;X31/U4[$)LF&)%WHE+T/5_[\1




V$RS#




M/O+-XS7?:IU5N$557>S]=1Q5]OF0O1B+_*!(
00@Z$QBEM3(+!HH'$]W)`[H@

9
@6&N\H#5VM*:P@63!0.(8`%5N$DOE0Y2`

UH\78\
_

MI/5YE23#[B1;
3RKL^S


1B%!EH@X(0`E&H4X4Q#)*X&HX)#,((
Q;
^B%$Z5)X0)O&
]59XCF
6:Z[(?I1X-O&=GT;QI




MZF)F[1`GH`*FMA

7FG-4+

MPM:M1!^H0'U/

1('_=T`&UK0C$)_Z88CZF%$:]?8_^


MS2:SR$I=EB:)+C.PHQ7LR



@



*@%G6FL

W59`ZL]X,0'W;QZ[B)8FN!,EIIFX&8X4IWE#&;R`A_#CGODI8X
MG=^R_W#5&O<'HNA.L+_-4=?&;!R!(SV1]/OHO])AQ*P35@)IMPOJY*WZC

MR((2'H

IBPZ<J:_B3PWK0('H4U'<'?Z)(2FQF'\9`Z]

;)+[J%=JWL6Q;'HZ$OG$9SKIE8Z+D2@]%*=8SH*2U@:-+$80XG@D
MPQ35E9U[%77%SXH-$WT50)['D8B_!\KXLH^2Z#;Q-IQZ92;BNHK7N'88Z20'

M`I=A3K[!R1\XST%.[G
@3


'!]QP$@QSLURTOPIABXU\KK$%J#7`1/IS
M@V4A2'E!J3T(`G

Z^LCA)[5V@F)_J3B-



M

M70Z

E)L[[=_5O)EL5_1$)O&?D=WN2C0HV#,`)G]&5R'<V?,=CID6


M
2YX;6Q]4]M.Y#`


M&9R)2:

T7






BYX;6R-5MN.FS`4_!7$!P`VA
N*(.6BJGVH
MM-J']MF;.`E:P*GM)-N_KR^$X*UM)0\!S

3



M!;F$*
2O%M_8[#R0YM\)^9`7/_;+
XZJ21F_C.*/N:4

=4__![L(X



M

%PX)3U%:`?A


+1:GAY=VWYP^



M\\_VKHXC





MT_S\U3B^9V*U_+Y*R2P7W\\=`;.^










4K?P.


M@G#-J]1P#9L
0;:W#4+RW*L!LF25A*!20I`%R5H7);\F\&LY&R?FXWR4D^80


M@*

MX#F@)%?@OAT#&67
`7-:MQ@22NMA5(*!)X6GP%@A$*)%LJ8I5RW[`&S+F@

=XVK8VREKG%!*A


L940.6LW:S.Y2R*$`6




P^OCY1FTRYN^





M[I

</EI..SV7SR6/IE/CKM-'VVF_[TZ]2*HE-@WR8#1
D[N5UMO-2AW
M'_I2J(K@5K&P,KM\5BW=$AD-/T=*J:'S648S+AF6
-X&+/K
K0EG**$M@[V
MI(XQZ^@9EF'2);@88
P4
!@Q8V`L:)0YJ`5%%B,1S!F1F*
2O(H`-_`XS`
MD#4
XV+

VT,2X%.R!8F942AV*Z+7?`!)KTO8MQ

MFG$.


.:]BT;3,($;0C\UXD=*$L(,30FI:]2&AO5ST(G:<W
MDYK6/0CW&X1<M/U;DW0[*&!WB&#;Q4^A'[G-?7
:PIX#1WY6
%!H05/E(G7
ME(G7E(G7E(G7E(G7E(G7E(G73&I:FT3:0`C_D]^:I-LI`Z]!1J&[NP\AK_\V




5A@3520)&E^^+E)4`%4LJJB5%
M3$0HA41V/YB[&TF3W
V\S







M4)1UEM]$'^JD/K;.YD]IZR




[BTJB;


ML`0RY^JSZ
:



MJC3?P



A.]YBO.L?@[[[QATU;;YY5][NG6.GYNP3Q[#:M
M

P[5?WH03F434']$.?A0Q5/09=8/T3=PNDF@J?6Z6VR



RP?ZX=]0B^K^B1^A-_S4[`/8_GWE\FWQZY@I.P09M2J]!



M8:

HT

MH


,X(`_+P\TC)%!,OQ0HPN(U@7
MK*5KS.BE/QY:^NGU1G_^F'ZJHZ]V0$5:8M1H\!0(Q<\$43F*EDOBO)0E'ZK
MJ!=5QW65;;.D))OYW_[Z;_SLW_[Z/R

MQVNXD`J

!ST`^%GZ@4L$&A2Z@

M6







MN4$(X(%&




L/LR;HJ


M$N3WK.B_`FQ`HE?1%@\8[50ZX;B3X*.J59:@BO^&?1;B`_*A'G1)($G^0G






M'[)9B8PYHL$S



HF+I1/A'Z/6?S`VP''G!(+!HTJ



ML\108`BS`





M3-N&
.+!D!:0)Z)7.@B2@Y?X!F



M?A[.V[-*5BB_HL'8(5`1M(_[`PEPL=6JC8J1



MSGFA

9EAYM.D[T`VB
R&2N;00-
2.\VV8A$B$D2_A30^Z5^.KH


:'`])1R



MSP;MBEL?5.%M.

M

M&GJ!EFM8229&4EK:YX!(LGU!$+H4F`




G0X




MD!Z)U8.ZV'=45J/Q%%DD%*
X%M9H8(B/

M8IJ@89
52F+TEXP


M`41'$SP4




.\C6EBF4!9K9[?..-F@3C1.S03]APPA/$4=KVJ0
]@/
M

P/`I=,M5E#0V?F,1&4*KY-M



MQ5V3V=X)!Q8!A$


MI




C?1OL*O1-GT70^BZ=+=/--5LMX-5GB
M;[-5/!LM&R]Q\@W'


MC.PBES='1

+N47DMGN/(9UXQ*4$3O%)N6\-+@9J0;:P/JY?F-7EAC.[ZLA
M5#X=A'YY9:I?A)%1;$I'OG8+LAY&5V?P[-:F.PBE(]LE]R[`,:TAM(^*!\5


5&

M
CX\]R89B0L

Y(F?A2D3!D_NX1.A+L4:Z`((3
'B`Z.W

MTG_JPKG-;-(=`
82R+@U#(4LL\
0GMVGL@1'A'


M_SI
'?D[XU\CC;

M

M-L./70W.AF2.&#9@\0KF(_V)\J$PN@03/W!-WJDKO3PD\`N#A:CU4*F%@H2
M7)^&GO8!R1*$#/?#EL1%9LM?J&L5H(=V]\M=ECNSJAK3
!KE6+H-=HO79R$

;.R='H8Q0W\-G=HCK8YEG

MZ5EAF1HKZ..@1-&1E3$K):VV677#M',^JAV*]IP0W7D-M/Y7896!]9D'9E

(\-W

7BUMELN/*4
M=07
,H2,FWG7X<G-N$]W=TXLJ%,]
MO^@<`06[G6&Y?@D\ZZU-I=`7ON&9:;L(5?#D$9G$CF1;U



MZ7F$^12DY;9F.9&$$DP$8BD68*?(DBZL;?B10P]X=QVJ\#1_S&5,J8LG80C
M@\U:^LL=/`EDMPG)QX.5D_AA+(^,`MGPH5&F\P&BZ[1O&C926%%X#E%5MJ)


;R;9BVZ0\J6.=
ML132X



M\(2C:!QA4+&`;/7;Q(23T=+)
X

MI

MRF$3@B7

M11(2!7N?PUJZ`2%WH:Y
[F_1&(PF%=;.L
+UC9:U
]O3K1WLQMK4.=T^D3QW


5



#!=C7RUA?H_2F+2X=Y3M\A[K
%


M7.ZJ@W`-9TS()YK)924YJPEK(WO`


MD-T0W(@#!7A-T_5TPPX:T








M*[BNI&ZZM1O)T.KH]'B,8H*4MR*T$3U0^GCTRQ-BI%W+,=)G'VEWB2GEZ$S
M2BB^9NQ1LI3C#:$9U56N$TGW8;Y+HG)=_;IEG7#3'2VG#)A1F)OV'UB\D5(
K78@5XIK%

/]






6([*U/X3P

<JW=I-(%:C*.JP0-ODCY3Y%'QXJE4+2\9

M2XS/C1



M1H.A[AXHW'7-O7I]=FQP78BIAK#Q]72T0ZCO

37Q!.:[Y

QW7*1\LTNDK@1.V4Z7M6?%)2Q8.G
CH8V:





MW





:=4:*3&Q_IS(:R[S7'G33$^O?)D
MTJ.+P/#A$JZ5$G

MKKK(00H#+

V19=Y??ATMKL'P0

/(
@2TZ=')?ECKE5DI869FQT]%YUGEQI

30:P&LRS-%-[C0#C2O0FS0@-Z8]L*2QT
MYF+B?F5+GJE^YK*#3VFE3R)279VB`F-@;FS_6MROX3=PE(1WCF3/]5VB#




:*??/E


M)2/8COY\-4
B)3\Z!M=#D*%7\7PXQU&'D^F)49?+.8[*/SI&U;.649?Q`N@]
M


,U'&^9T<UU/*T(R],&;JWK$G6HCRXVW:SUJ1
M/.1(J\I&]9RBLS6(&+3UQF@([$58

?^6)+[ZH?EPUS-L

INX&

M*EV/AOLMER

V;3/P3?46)L;V`4I

3=$4H2^

X5\'-#8J&=?HE

M')TOV5HO-QQ?KO



SX:DKTKX`C[.7^^37YB^TL=@<`6CU6KF`S)1H6KI&(X!^+A-=U?<8;.<
M@]%?H%AA2[3[VT)O$K/OJ


MI7G%9-L-_-Z+%$*4C+'$DJDJ^`8E#H*5?GD5;.T/M+7OCI1+!+TLS!$?I#@
M!GB1U?Q*R\19UXCQOV14

O.Y%N'AN_I=!7/IY-H
EW&



US697@/\[X$T!3B-R;8Y@:_
)=96=XL;'


'T]E8




@O;.@5@DDB&
M\CFLB48LM*&X1^;2(3Z)26'$9EA$Z[=5A

M#TUK8X5R&[)/O4G2E












(*0YADCS;;


TK'9H50



M5XU4AY0:JOMBFUUGR


M7U)V





M`XM`:(?@=8')H0C0-^^_XH!$

MP`XPP)?):

M[U_!4N&R?$N9+OQ'9?`N@K
5.+S^$^


MCXBDG

MX#CN6M)%Y.+S;/6EURWQ&`P_PR'







M7[:N]

('$?#%A3'PY
@


M)4N)8K!$#GS8I=N;E/?I8B\;+5ZHR/\.710EN3/T4O:=S#-@A#%(N03E2V\%


^F2PDE2


MXNK(F]=


M4B&W#J(PH63V!;'TJY`'


MU:;


\G/!;I3ZH7X`-
FZ



MES

MDQ%7%0!+JOOQ7;F`2OKU9%+X54:HCA3AY_`'91;K)QI1\/AP:BB!Q%&$
1#9

M-AV

MZW1+'CZ
S9LN*28O7BPY8W0Y7')+C6@ZB3P[WRTCZP'$
*M#=:C*+9'/_C


M1FM`2P-N?SH;\?:G0TZI!:A.!:IVLS%ID

8W

M+_#'DFJ:#[&@RDM8986MG?=)?L0\(C9#;C$:DJ.`)_

M+53:KKYVS9AX$[ZF#``

3$(&?

Y%%4NZ.82=MLC3VQ.)/'VIY]P+):X*I6N9LYJ+!&Y



5IZ=W%L^
'P5N'%QJPU8\T!\#
+9;*K]N[I@MHAG
M8Q@_'DU65ZA2;M!YAE/IMQ!1CMS=8T#\CA(W_#O;!FS!S(%Z!GH4K.MXQX

M





M].W0L\E)@D=*8*[[=.CTER]@TP`#1CWOD!FJ?!=T9:YARZN5#T:5IEP8

<+;(<=1F


XG);3`V)G-`8U






MQ:#



MT3M-NK#4YV3390Y#

^7HA



M#X#C-QS%@R%T&


*O+1[
:A1U7WO]
MA`BE\#I:@%@361P:4SD=9T+-4:*X^VYBCXBOCE5&R7`?4C89OD_)')7?--]I


MS\@=6GCW5?0%/?.Z`/7Z';$4^.QCNKG-BUUQ\Z#/Q?ZI5Y_(]BM?.)O1UP_)
M[EBWI6+W_NKK%!MH-*G&=,?FTQX$E-*.,2?*G8G@9+X0'\G6+(&P&)A]=H
M4KL$4
!O1TDUODMO4MJIJ%S[Y


-EV%N(

3:
+L=%O


\A-^K
2%QH5%HW5^

MUBA`X`ZVVU):.1!#I.Q[R7V6/
O`GBQ^F8KR8_@6P]6V-O;5`W)4PR#
M.8O&&GS

4`%\DV\+8.M9PIVNZ%]Z$;\$;IS[+Y:#
M


^P'%\R&U!)M1U[-9/!TN








M3ZH[&$A:Y#!+#[5J3M+Y5ZIMH1SV)Y:H1G#ZLL=H'

C4#DCKQ'VV
M(ME#!84F?

K)O7-WGV=$2X3#/P)?



M7F_5!OL@
5Z`.%X`@)=A23DOE@.H:$`R?/LHJDV(_3#=^D%\CE]$R84)[G/%


I
TVQ::.\6=PEU.07HYFG;
M#L4N


2P0%FA+S]$3M=U591K\1U(E+6$
MG2N@:&3RQ\(8

M@V`M7J3;[!`&?K;/MBN=
V/+;M-ZC.B-%[T=!/@]AP:_JCCMI7H&`VF]*Z5T

=U[XEXY'

M/

R^C5?QD)J81=X[9E3QH]FN5<(AN4D8+:.!5*WV'

M?BP7B_%XB-T+D-`V1?0#AE51M)4U&Z#VS`]PWP.`V`_)[A(X3XU%0S92DEL^

%(:E^/)OW`
M[!`#GH#`/G'P5T/@\7\





N19!2:*6EB
M88.2H&`+9?]A'PRM/6@L$49YDL+BMFM*


M0T`=8X.J@C?W
M[K8XG`C[G6$1N/


M=CZYW/@Y`Q`X7R&;#74
:QH^)'#%L0B//]0GKM
MSA6`RR3D:^/


M94B43Z^;+';

'`\`J&_D!V`WSE=2

QDHO2C:N)JV)-UT:)49S-(QI55-?
MDXTS5AN([=,\__?_A


NMA


M=`=!-KMTMV-]'WY'(XQ_Z%/,BSURA%`(+]0]VFZ_%I8*;%G`)0GB*ZM!H?
M.PZ[


'V




;[K5@9R+5!\6@



\





MI+9

$9BNM!:1WUT_4[AHWAGV'RQR5Q=*3+





22QBR+57.Q4HW[
.\P\QSS$/
H\R9SU+G%O!$E9


KC15JZF^9_AQYPK



?ENN_LKEA):W!-V8
M$5@2-#`8NZO#T2N$-=8G@+5\D(Z*4N-
T<X__C+44L<D:XW_5J&FSQF#:^^4796;+S\&0!3T





OWB!!=OSJ%(Y*#



%VIN4.O..

M:S!Q$#WSW)39T&V$@I8W7NWGU/L7;UENBW`T
[B^
_TULJFC5&=HY:%Z)-K#



$$
+4

M06!1


ZXE


.:(1$-&U]87YHEJALG


5N90\.6TX0FT:D#'6)?^+-F*Q<

MQ





M
1/`[W<AZEWZ,K
D\!1234

M+=%^EC[7[:^X_RXHO%-[C=D/=\=C!9&4!O@5
PU.I\NOMCS&+O:EB-F-+B]$


W[G3-!JPUR![)20?@J1/V1#+WI8TBF-;Y

MG3EZOGB)62_CW!G_[!C3STKT*45
7!@D&@9X1_`'XID
_
H9=`B


MX4!S*?^PO8$1B4VDXYQ+.MV4WW29WE#C




]IMY9



@HS`O!&9J/8J

MHO#54S\9JW)@!FR6\Z9A
3L:#_@ZP2O*D7PJ)TF(=$472'+3-D]RGJ%20X





%)9)
W%7JD/!-HI)<W368
MR/V_\30JM.@!J\K-91[;LNH6J9HUW\@I]0#$U8K4),1&#1&W.@@*G5J+T81'
M,.T)GK<<-/CHU,#L73_:-RFI0NL8P;MSQ0\CB5'ETG:]<@@-3(Y4;8FV/'
MP.EAPA`EA:PQ[N$K!]6!)$--SF';UG-;6C@,I5Y;#HUO@OS*V:)DT/7
N$(

[Y



TSU+D;1B!`

M=UH7'/#S;W+EQCK

M&91Y
ICDR6@R[!Q?Y_[EH[0HAO@KR_L\T*&ATN@;1TF_5_;I%V$=]7OC
GG_
M8&#`#$I6


M;J7-3*DSN
G.Q2U/96T.@FQS7_2AQE6@):1YKR`2%;NH);6W`531A%50H!$#
M9&?J&!F6]V.C6/RQC:P0$`O0']#OG=H2/?#)(]*.W%F@+-V;2Y64`*`L$ZQ.



M7#-HA-@@][E4'

LE6MC3511<85S



M






M+18NL=7RLV+)LE/-MB$L`2]&'6)!0]PNPE4PE9PW6ND2]G;#&9.+I=N6[@I;

M2V

M14O`K?L4RM


MHZPH
F$0IA-*S\P&(^O0$)*5L#QCZ3.0V8_-:)5FX&ERQMFC7BR?8B5Y)#@`











J$G\WV``/YJ-ZG\4@W`:)E/47]TH
MGP^KY6*)X86B]GRC,GW)T!2M'2213!D4.6@##7C5Z[.K%^KI<9JZHMKMJVGR
MB0$QT)I_=O6)\&'?+7O4P&E_DOH%Y<Z-YTE'-31^WXX_(!;I%A?WB2'/\3
M-*0-_)/!OEUN-W,&+USX[67&L$<GY`]
7]?$

M1=[(`;M]P

FL#0`4J


I\HETE(+.D%!I*F@
M:





.(2@/*YZ!HZ3





_




@^1P/CW43+I]3-HBX#K

MAPV



O:#V
M[/6^=OD93\-M*6!JEP9Z60


M3;BE

K&93J:6%ZF
M+BA=&V[`DOL`;3A*\_`8

M=]C
K+6
JP*10N

L7&8N=X

@L7Y$%49MNAZ]E!ID3M1

EU(4:1\N4$T'P8'2H&$SI!2Y03M56&_4.-$@*`&


MH



MP2AGTY8)ZA)@WN
Q
!:4WH]AM4HT5-A+0I\YPA98Q05Z01==UR7S%N
!!44N

:+``J7[($C4E+00$KZS(1L$+N]K!8)

7OKAD#E_6:PS9=.&PX2LA83O#7F,R_?;1:O811KK&:TGVU
MV)P
T8F<*)81]/(Q3UP-GWN*^?'XUXF6(S<V16[;L(^5&^7M`QYU
ZT4Z1*.@

0()$*GK9[12#Z;!#I20EXR3YR:U#+C@1IA(DQZS8





MOQN


9$.06X9]&[.XBMT4A*`]!'E2+`=&70&<@&4Y.4H






MAO#4F/T=`WEM0*'7`_+/#?.T'`[BI#@1$LS(H/7Q)V]3C+Z5Y.DU3HO9

BWE.`R//')P86.PV6NRG

5+


MDR+PE9*.GN2


W7K3-]<V%




BX
@
%L8?(L4;^YF/YJW



X0JCC\U-S!H$TBQ8I['3/G/39#6RU;FI*'
MD\FE21?72SJMOU7S4Y]VL=H(^C?5O^*D%#JSO@#!M@VIK'M(.;H5/B^Z[G
MSD7
OOL0?!.6]3FUC:B(LOA\\EW'&5S8PUAW@_P;!A'A%D^E_&?ML94RRMAD


SQ!SP:R&8B_79B;':/V(#C_

K7


KUB+8!FLW]
`
M+3&AEI\



^9/#HSDF0\C


MN)&![AK3F=!?'/EP

MG&43V?%;MOL)VHASU`_:66;8;T&ACVG.
DE


M*-X1^=K\!=QW`?A_N!=
I\2#A/JT
&Z/!=FCA5TS.RR`SY92WLF<.ZM0G4[)$(TC4C=
M!TSKF7K9


MZQ=+!+!!E?S.A69WY8O$FN9K\G;Q%XL9U#[=UQ=
[?%JL2P$]'B@C\(=T:

M4HD

=;M;W_.-_F3'GGS+IA@H;5PT

MJ#8G/BEI:Z:

MQN0(91'5C!_'









8$?T

M;2US+Y:KU?(KW;75`WP;AF(W2H?%L8#:O/?Q[GTW1XOEIMFMB5SD&!S*@)AV






M[T$8
EJ6IGNO]FUW



M


[*SSFF\MR;;!*._5XZG`P9HJP*8(<*OTT@;`='[V[NSE62,
M29=4WS0*



4``````X-O]&2'4%[L4````K`@``P``````````````@`%$
M`@``7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$%`,4``````X-O]&C^-[TBD``])@``&@``



O87!P+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#@V_T9@^_19/P$``&D#```1````
6QE<RYX;6Q02P$%`
&UL4$L!`A0#%```
M``@`.#;_1KC%TI^`@``.PD``!@``````````````(`!JA@``'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='







M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$%`
4``````X-O]&GI]%-:,!``Q`P``



M`0``L0


M

4




M4$L!`A0#%`````@`.#;_1O(*N]&E`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!BT@`





M`Q0````(`#@V_T8;
=ZXOP$``'L$```9````````````````853``!X;]W





4``````X-O]&9EM&A7$



U+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0`
M```(`#@V_T9(`(^[#0(``'\&```9````````````````6]Q``!X;]W;W)K


M`!D``````````````(`!LW


M2P$%`,4``````X-O]&4K%2Z;(!```L!```&0``````````````@`'Z=0``

X+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#@V_T8G=K'G

M



YX;6Q02P$%`


`
``'@.```9````






M%`







M.YX;6Q02P$%`

4


G



 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInValueOfContingentConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardequityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardequityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan4Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_IndustrialRevenueBondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_ComputerCapitalizedSoftwareMachineryEquipmentAndAutoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_ComputerCapitalizedSoftwareMachineryEquipmentAndAutoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_ComputerCapitalizedSoftwareMachineryEquipmentAndAutoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsLongTermRevenueGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FairValueInputsLongTermExpenseGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FairValueInputsIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestRateSwapTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwaptionInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range4Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_TW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_ID'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_JP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_BE'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=lndc_AllOtherCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodProductsTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_HAbasedBiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_LifecoreMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToForeignCountriesByGeographicAreaTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DeferredTaxAssetResearchAndAmtCreditCarryForwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnTradingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NotesAndAdvancesReceivableTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NotesAndAdvancesReceivableTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NotesAndAdvancesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_ApioCoolingLPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_AestheticSciencesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_HAbasedBiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfProductSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodProductsTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfProprietaryPlatforms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivablePeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueRecordedUponShipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueRecordedUponAcceptanceInForeignPortMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueFromLicenseFeesRDContractsAndRoyaltiesProfitSharingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueFromMultipleElementArrangementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_AestheticSciencesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_AestheticSciencesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_PaymentsToIncreaseInvestmentInNonPublicCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DeferredTaxAssetOperatingLossRecordedToAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DeferredTaxAssetResearchAndDevelopmentCreditRecordedToAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DecreaseInNetIncomeBeforeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FiniteLivedCustomerListsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_DirectorsStockOptionPlan1995Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharesPurchasableWithNonstatutoryStockOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_DirectorsStockOptionPlan1995Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharesPurchasableWithNonstatutoryStockOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_DirectorsStockOptionPlan1995Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2009Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsAndNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2005Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_EarnoutLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInEmployeeRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_EarnOutPaymentFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; HEIGHT: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
  <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
  <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodProductsTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodExportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_HAbasedBiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_MAndELoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_IndustrialRevenueBondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionMultipleDeliverableArrangementsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsForInvestmentTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrServicingLiabilitiesTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CommitmentLetterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_OldCommitmentLetterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LineOfCreditFacilityAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CommitmentLetterEquipmentLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LineOfCreditFacilityAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestRateSwapTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CommitmentLetterRealPropertyLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LineOfCreditFacilityAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestRateSwapTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DebtInstrumentMonthlyPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalizedLoanOriginationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LineOfCreditFacilityAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestRateSwapTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedLoanCommitmentAndOriginationFeesAndUnamortizedDiscountsOrPremiums'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_MinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LineOfCreditFacilityBorrowingAvailabilityThreshold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_MinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_LifecoreMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_LifecoreMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_LifecoreMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_MinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedLoanCommitmentAndOriginationFeesAndUnamortizedDiscountsOrPremiums'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfFinancingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_MinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_MaximumDebtCashFlowLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestRateSwapTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_AnnualRemarketingFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_AnnualLetterOfCreditFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
   <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
      <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentRemainingMinimumAmountCommitted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_PaymentOnPurchaseCommitments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

#$U
#4S
2YX

M[MVJD/C!
^G.%B%)-SLDI`@S/7UKJU**+4!WC




QNHMYE4$-Y4+#
\B*VJ2_B!A[U_UCP
MM7A]C_F$R9[O.I///0R=0Z=8`P*1K%*1X^I@[/QEV^$@W
-.I^X/NC038N
M;LB.PO&0'




M^M__A=`G`?68RU=MTD42B^




;7(A#@7GY7(+4=ZF`*M-:':.5.Q=
LF)
.YR$J=)[!6--4\)+

M?
XUKB]C'HY-/*I^EPZFSR770*GR^V[(*50FP!Y#DLE=JWR3!@(;R_#7&X


L#

`C.\]PL_&3=+#GM)*X*)H



6

M=YFZE6U#IVY%(Z5NFS!C`5?;A$-VXO2!\MH@5(-5'3.(.0+V`2LIJ*3^`UH
MLJL%/4UF44_34E2V2T:&,L^0H1T2M7=DW%.'H@7#(4_47V\'Y77CB&FN4CG


28IE
MX0R
0$Q34]#\5/-R%U`G$#


7Z&'FD&YZ@JUK[2P-^08L3U&Q<7^2_7C2^?.U`)X<0.ZRUF7KNI._


M!'*(:K+)E9A$1.:!+-

M@?[!





;6IM$O1&G*IJ.54T+?

M'GT(=/MTJ*GL2ZW5MXDG!MH;.4?%L
^Q7)+G9^/DFWGNZ:FS2O.J
*D9*E7G
M:
M`=W.R
L4O9%





M7M(GXM9A



MS);5ZJ2NYV0#KJH.1)]B)9+*0EH4
.0%G


[F+K1/=1
0+T])-Y6$88'@7`

M.;QLK:A

R/C-*#]


:3*K[

S]+$
MNYU03:XK<%&,,51!B-SA**8)68^#?:+XBZXKC.+FCZ9/25V@E9@?%'GW4
M#-U#-5/J8Y=B






]Z[1N/IS!;IR!Y\UH1-KN09T&

&XO;I9+&*50`#T&_']3-4^)=;01N!JE9@)!
*A+DZ:OB

MPNIXP
N`33/]CEJX6C];SUL[JR$


M!L2EHX$H$@%R;VKGYXWK+Y.7(*0/E?TQ538.S-Z?RAXE73V+L3ZKU7_YTF[]

M'IFX7%3]5]+S\P^O
/N/X8=*;Z;2*P^P7?EOZP/LJH/J+/@W/*@2=67`VQM4
M$S+84P_T&ACNP@



&;B









M;LWREJ\R6S;&=BG@5Z$R27V;51ULZ#%0KP]]:07

M-%NX)O5;8MG*9OL*+--:@&UD6^Y_V+O6WL9MI?U7A.T6:($DU=67%BV09'?;

I0





L2]LOH2?S3=^



:H]+-)
M($?DM.KUK3^!@^#QZ<];L7F3%9ZS57AFNP.A!:R/VRP&M?E5FATA]E<JY.J

M!

M$


MIR;=7L:[W
OH%/J]*K2B=PK=*?09*?1WJB*W0];=L4FGR+D)&CVI';)NU[E)



M5U$8-_;9]!%`(X`@E4%B05=19C%5':YZF+9Q;R^^0R\#;#R`Y6%?410CQ=H^

WM-[

(])0N=6H'*

M+H2D'RB]^J:@8'



MXL]
/US@FI\IU?6

+!*$_MFNVVH:4/A:JC
M9.+:DO3LB8DJJ0/Q0N?07G]WS\35=1('XJ3&GKR09FH:?S%WF%G1^7H[B*
MO:QKXL4)%+L1&DRN71O_]1FB@KGIL.@WO#5]?P%!PU^F$]7(GY+[8D70%;6?


M_GHAF;N1ZTA*ZVYXGJ4^@2]2D#$'X&3ZP,8O`FI$K;AMF\R\@
*;W]U^




CM';BDT86B]5HD]_*%C6J9HS0JQ''
;S$R1:M
M4+\])JBPA/$[)_
0EB?%C'K1TY0V6)[*9:
;%PB]B^!GT![+T\3@ITED'CCF

:@;21^-*EJ;4<:@'?7W4K_3D+Y8JA\
EA]@
M7^&$I+-!`Y;)Q_+Y=/8#O#1Z(?DDF!$+JUHZ^$5E/P1P`([Q&^&,A6T?X3\
M];K8TWQQ)44=DI&/W
F]C0-


D%34ZS3EMSI13)`.C1@);_@#S.NNX4=\/NUV2$[I#!-UXV`4*1?


MB+R4I9W!6@NLQ#.1[




M=0CD+&B-HNC:.B^5Z!&R\V#Z]SZK$V^S&H
)L$T-!OJB.LV7$.I?KC
D7\FR
MLI4?$4%[X*P7FI?5&KWL!SPL;N.PHGG8UG36K(78SX9_*!&WDILMN\=BPA

MA4$(*U





MJ=7%

P?%B!-UP@9Z[A.5[)'@.2NP$:K@`?5SMB=<

M!SG3M?C.6FQH&F;-I/6T
6`'R6@'RAP%G[-4JF4/M#6U8HDUE$5IN8ASE7BA

R@SB)%5\ZT(:^]XK\273GN


MEV_/&`J+Y-`I19;

4VU1-YF+'DAR90`3R]1/.[S

``:D
_;F




H*HQW]3UPY(




_ON'^8_G)R_Q(S4^48IEN'E-
M(Y&AJKQW&8(M05-2+
3-:R2)$)5W+\2[M/M8?E4LT\V;+XE
M6:*]#IV%H]+
M7W':F;UYJ62IE





KB5_/YQX
V(?3OZ:+`ZQZNI_G!T;SZP')]EF9'*
M^:M*E[_:M?C.6FQH8E&]3,T;,Z!L__V!;Y0SJ]EKQXS?;7)DEBJQYK7.!^I
MG.VIZW.I/-`X/RD^(8MKXK)JLKS0+!_[U-'EEEJ-//V6N)C\Q\_^R(R=MZU^
M-?



;30GZD.@(M!X;M`F6

M&ZS]BWK#KYK$)





M?0P
0R.

M;9?OM-




M(O*X$Z21C8%4L



MC5_?*2YA(I7DKP6.$IWM.SVWI'DM:`QW#)8N.P-\9%J?O\:[L[[!317$+&


M5=G_Z;4(

P6$S#[/.]KKPH


EYZ)BLJOHIB2G#O


M(4@!O;I`[VE&NU\CQJ\']+7MD`G_VXP=\@K;0Y#5!-LC-B6P_''&30YN@0B[
M([$B7F8X]+M:N]M;-!R

AA=O*Z-
JD;D)-9KJ3%_KZ]TZ:%%)


+SGX=_.MKFNH@HJJO`&!D.WJPW










7_Z7;YE2GZJD2I9A5HC
972^Q;%7FK[U=8S-


MP^NPEH_M2%(]:O[%9E5$-PJ\EPMM/FX9J

*XPWG0R

_7')W#\.YK15BG&!N*F)F1N&-X?
MXI2\#PR?FIYZ43Z4*GP!J*F)F1N&-Q=K=MKK@&N$ND-C(C5A$P5N%/!Z::3



21U4CXI3
M-Y+













M4]^^7;GD]\AY(D9?PY

M)Y_IS`ZIHY&'6]NZ%3?``^$M(SZ[]YQ[V[TA2/Q)L2MNR0C&D(MYS
?-LA



GL3C%MPP\GS?


A[A(:YN0?+:K=Y@C[_ENW?/


MHMS2

LI7NAE?DSL2+F
M9*?LC]\C
!?:.K_2;Y'36/T&*06T

M8LL4IXUB;5_\-AC`O

-PYP"+_
M79F*^G4$`'!9$`(;IQ,6!]L.`1-?=,<I/3O3AMT!@87!
]LT#
%?NF-2@
M\+R(K6!$(^`V&][4/B`ST*K0*WL

O^&^7BY=R!






M?)+GRT17(O;@\(






4+8`'_/S.K)\]EIG6-9(($



BTZR7K`PWD6@G)NF4XI1`CX[3;S(ES/Q.!(1





M`SZ\/UA

#2]+_!:3&;DX'_BVA3%4BP:W24D_



D[@WG(?2@_

M2

@SE-%M4F$S0+).R\3R_DDC^/
M]L:\E):;0=`*!5O1O5L4RVRL+;YW8OMHRH($<%/=<\NGL/1A<_@#]Q1C7RS





\1=
'AD89C`BYA

MI^

M!YJX9A/@V5_HZ!WJ_4/=2#X:O;^$)?1%:L.31SLXO(YCO-G?OO'!^.N2W5#G
MW`WCN[%R+/X)V'0U*6CQZ[DL;9

M-L6];C71VN4

]



BXLZ\];\L$P
2.1&:K<Y)U:*U8AW[GT.M`
M(8Y-Y/[A4

B-KNOD/E
5N@KL]PO
M\I1OZT5J-6&1S&;-5NF-/[:V0K


2AH6/IK!W
MX/=2V(\#]!8T
VR:2IKI#KHG!'H+*ADVE:*FUVOV]@?ZJXRF+]G!)310E(+M
M05L%VJ#3+H5

3F`Z)S5;*:Z`41*URECXU
M-EOI




M-2`'Q&`MP;:5:RYL@N-@(

M/T3`I;#$7UG(K

M




M?UIN+#;?=?U'2C+:=G


M7NDA=OO-343.7IC\X6%U#$RM_]7B7OC9NPLLO)[^+;WZNLOFJ+5FL]_=A+#6



\_




69SY+P5@*Q
M![3;J)K.8


M
EYIF4ZN;IP`]TB;HMX:+


MS/JYTENY(EQE7V9;9WQ(*Y+F=G%U`7IE
;2RK@

M8`L%X[
6C\62Z]2


BHS.=:OS(S;6_HO9
XD;DM37DY7)0FM*34`Y537&JJ_E8*RGM7RG4H;ECU*3;6]
M


$Y6[6^JOA6.;R=8\`K@&QM



\%$=PY3`?C9ZWLN9;



M



&BC%W*%L`U\2-8

M@%EA'
SEHU


MC8VW.=6*R['`2\H/\.
I[!O
M'E[13N%6D7IQE+,:-A]X*+?^!=FS+WW
$%(F8%9$XSR*5





M=CKU6&YPJQX#:_;S_'?RI
ZWC'/I^(..M95*Y@NVT_4,)T?)DUA&B9-81<6ZTI.'86A-EQO
M6-;)EOES,?]99@=CF321PEV6XJGC8+6%\-A.5:\Q&'2,2_2JGAVI5!_XQ-S


M




V9CVK@[;QBC
M.!++Y/GD'&3%^Q?LG63B1&SK1@V-^3V5M$Z__U!-
.7R_N(
UY'S`K@A&B
MB24F3+9[:@7?89)TL_&W(I5X3@._#=C8#QC]R0
!?XC0/OJQZP!
\&#$DS3Y







@IB(



M`0JD(T[V)C(F942(5X@'LW$LO/SJNO[CZLI[SX!
TG]Z[4UH!GR$$^'Y$1P%


$N


-[)QP#1R

MH*4%QW'9+TMH@)PJ
''LV$WS?7
CQA%WR2X.^;W'QV`

M5C@QQF`A&U/?82[@(]*
$:99X/\E
$B?@M_O*:1K@*J4KFPRFOCJV@`^0JH/





WT]67J60=-S*[2XJX




V+!GF#!8[7+KKHIM&LD:
-^`7NF
M7G=.=OT

M'1HCO*P`__`IOB'O$T0!\QR9_(^W$41%`_]!OIU:7.*6PK61K0K=[2A89#DH

\KX$7N6+YO2L
0O8E
=3
M0CHIK;]T90/O9^#5AM)7/



^




+-MX,D]MF$4W^RG)=7]L
MW%.KA<!PL:D;C(OGI:)#@V7,K#B6'8S
&9^2*?ZHMYD'-+YCL-A1&I@/&71

M'LQ6QZA'\DY;9142$_):5


AR








M?P2;\(`8WGJS.`J_


MKT-CG)(5S\C*L`*&O?:F5@#
1]WV_)`YAC\VX*OOC.PO`!#4&=VZ;^`C4Q;@



<CQM9LG'EY]Y&/<.G`!IB
6Y/V*VT\?




+LPTXX+HPQ)MU:8
M%`=?F-Q+[Y]FS`O95R!_[CDL0

S!'?S7\P*-HJY+V#84F[]8-#=&
$-`=P'
M8WS_`SR[-9+M87







'P7(G:92K@V+3+X2AKW`

,(]QP!\V%;'M?<&/&&!XP!^]A7?@<'

MZV

-ME

NT8AS2[+N^O1%VWC$=[]H=V]









M6=!A;
\#F4T*1G]6
MW#ZI=D_%[0?]5@-8[-I8-5EY&=(2ST(Q2?NZ8R15\*DN?NNZFWS1,`(6SI@=
M\0?FSHMP\.G,X@&5TW?],-P*.18PXX?.]29Y]KXR
?


F&PX@$L$0/H/\++9
N;

MP-X'5LEQ2=ICP&-/D3'&QN%CZD
NH8.1&?#NE%8W\F$:H(!!%RG`F
$
^-2U







XD*Y(1.IB
`09LQ





HBQA)E%_;G3)8E$K;9




E.V]LZ-]=@RD7H.V[/.DJ5R'O

T#]`3%_
M8*
`OI@;K;8X)NR&1JS0#L!A_T7YKXP;Y((`=R1.XONFL;


7+(;=UZALB5N
M.0\DU.3R8P#QBI'EG/SL*/#V!56!-A
N.$@):5$2`

KV]

MMI`


M&$T:-_!4LP0_&(
6-A/:7B:4'P&#)T@Z+M
MVO@6CT)@/B:G/B]Q)9$W,*KQ$(`//'L#TW6($CV;AI*+$!=_&3D,PNXI



!X.;



M/P%N%_

;(;L=Y=-


M

YH7T[)$



42B]@H^/+A]P51D!X$!C)2


HTB6Q[ND1@BX1&P

MW
1QPB!Q'`I#2.Q5#@(28FM]EL)):[;I15(7/DH*3B22W1._K.C:X'X+UDA6



*X;_OSB]M.'-*&_U1FV



B\V4H3W+WSY:OA]XSWHI<O//%C
A%!ED%X;7Y

UG


L)X/.8VE_FL$N

?-ZN.=KJSVETLEP7;AW(Q[JRG



M07[D3C3YR0#?'3Z]`H/'!;\_*+YPK9Z\[P`J9WGWX.9Y8M/TN








T
2\
.F




1XKZ=#J!D+;.
5FZ]P2ZT!]=6N1@E8KVKP81




L^G!QPFW)REV#OT



RXB6U'PW?HZDY\0/IL@8,!]XSVP
*)O@!9OX.\)PVLWIY0PWVR.

M9A.KB'\E&P.+#]L((@*_=&#]77]&:R5NL9]!$F](=9V34]V66]4``
/_Q);+



M4/#`:J2+*YGV6B$PCUP$PFP

M^)LB


*K3W@BP3SR

M%




`J

MH%YY)M3+\UFH]^M^^TI?:A2.S/3=?#1JM?]THX-3S]N.B[@._8+&`VM]*^







MFP%R:+2-F


1B8CTPFG3$

M)=FR[2S;M
@W+







MW9=@Q\C+;^KSC@H
T7_A



!#0G8@PQ(_'$)RJ)#


MGBBR@`&3RV&D!=YE%(Y`R=AF&[($/0
Y5
*J3&R'))(H03QJ(&9E/#*&%$



:+TE7^7$(HX2OE-56
MZKM^6]&]8HH$]*^X`Q_4'SQX4X/:Y`^M57L5`M?*JP3DV
[S]R)YK\9/2;
M^.D%6$!@9@4_OVB^`*WNNC/TN+S[]'

MU2/#
Z



M@Z32


M'0[^]






M0Q'O+

M+L/E37`YGLH$@04&C%

&6-'2#I$\1-%9VNQT!4?DM]T2M%68%.%%H3'@(





:JVUW%X=W.D!X?\VV23=3'L*ICH@HCODW^RHK3
=^.!2*

5)[N]SM=<Y,5V`WJDR[(-CS05.:RF<U.LWLA*[(-CS25J7FV5*=3I]L
M13ZC

2T6\*T!5=VU2[R04':@N&Z


M'^N


!;11R45@XL_CK1O1I@O!UDN6_]Z=3WODVL@(4WLC@K
QW!%0=!.:U%R*^;=&;RU&1U#9:!B#_#$!7.I9O;2%J8ZX\0<+)V*
M%N;=$J@M-`+

M4\Q!K=J%-:?.AX9QE_J^2K/![^:.2==[Z5RB#F8=\P[W5H8'*6Z(H;
IVE





FQ7I$S-%C)?RNPWO\2



^Q:PNPN8=#6



MH9SGV\#SCA^/7+:]77[.$-P&Z!S`\VAU&\U6U76Z]J(U:YR!-3J-?KM[B:R1

`Z=$+_G`5H=1L`LE_]-::@/



ML[RY8;FA+X9V
`LYFP7V^Q-UW\TIO-=T_)P_X(;'86%8&G4@:&[Q%6#`@2

-17-;Y:CW^GAR)['+/2WE_
M:3CH+]:]*IER)ZC67_)2MSUOMON+I0PV!PN#8EBFTK=9N--JJ:N
#/J*RUZ%

M*NNDU@J5L^D8UZN4^


#S#)A$5#5-YLSSSX*
M45W`.CT7.KKUC'?
IFH!1JO9[#:
CV#3
5<X8`\<
M5II6`=Z!?]!AMHDCRR9'O&$_[3@47CZ)#V)2^S\Q#UC0*P%=K-W8XP`1!
K
$:\[AGNWB/!<S


E^R160SR!\1SSCY[B2*&GOBO)QC0

\FSWEO'Z5#4HB6KYUC:^%L04#P_PXM'JXAD$0)S!)Q9D\;W:;
M)%F_
8^#_KG)VU['D.U]`.(T2F8=HGJ`-C0$Y[Q_Q3\/6U\3E1WK+P@YR?
MRRXA3HGV2(`9S1
[X1QG9N*0`R,`:9EXZUC2*O<[)

:U3;(BA&1;6#SG.D
!7S/B(
M)BO0($DV'#@955CT
*F.XR#-(R9&X<R




M=$71FDL#O3@8J85E
/($4E1(%`&
A)%(
T]CW`5
51$:E2*
4XK38:
/N?1*

A$&!9]@Q'SR*
0(-CZ$I@
A%:/?\D5N
M@XQT8OR
B%ED`1AD7U.DSFS^N*$RSZWJ$96!EOP'


TF4P.E;X_94P$S^V`TZ$14A#WKL)XA!1BLZ([CC%M



M%6AU*

S[A

M7/![!4A`;2FM/
VP9BT!-Y+]JHYY+J3=HN

MRD^671S]0QIIKAV[V0FQI#E/1$-58B#+BY8R@`2]3-$09N4I]5H:?R#=(T5)
MB4:G]G(
X5RHE$!BR3]*M.BJVA4)Q8AGTEWN4;E$H


=



UT2;S[PKE5F:LTBEH]5;[





%
MNVH`D].N#U`:Q=,Z=F3&D/S5T!.J/]NUNNS!E@+[%-=LN8.0/L[1+8=XHU


X


Y*4_XP.`_062OC9P$?VHU4-1PY9`]Z[365/-U?S
??'1O3O&IU3H&-
MJ=R5SF[8)-0!CBT7]V:_B+K92PXV\6:KE?^SA
PI0P2K,`[/Y,[467-^?C
MME[\\J7UKW*




U.?X
M[6'S
!RVY4(NGZ0




M2LR5

MU.WVCLE_GWS/WOW
4ET8IV/VU.E



=&N[T/@3]]QE**CF#I^WOE(Q@!H
HDM'5UTH_<H<MA9
R1

4&6R`=+/3:IT:Z<])?_-CDK<Z.-/JF0L'


M#?%%PPA!$8_3\?\!$YQJKK6K^LCX_23ZR1CYKO.:7L.B@5YD9$+(*$JA1114





MA@:

3D;Y;B

]L;Q[

@I9A)@Y6:

M3`V0S

'X6-%
O4
M0#

`
M
6#@RR&9(XQYN618CC_#21K&E%DIW.G8
#5!(G829DJ0F%%K@A`VEX6P?\QI







MR^-_4]@UB]W!!T#KBP@QTL?/XS28E\7RLJ;G\/0W?N_AF8+E1;D`&@;+P*7;
M+B?F^%DPA:.YOV*04^-Y-0X9=\L

*]SIY

7R+
MIU

MD!K




$7$$`$SX3A!(%EH-G]C0?KA0=SH*F='(JU3*^PSKF*1+5J.4\6*(W
M9SP#GA')#I*9D(Q&


GTQ4'Q^#F0`JL.:2P^P_P


8U\OY/!]T5&2&7//!4*2/=7=VC


&6K^P&9C[I_5F
ME7CF)@@PJU:P!KD$R!^8K9ED]&#FI#2?'GPB;?0*8#M=^QE%*"IP+VP-DC
MPQQ6APE/+\W14?B`8@+K4Q!/7A-



8?`Q4#X.Z+`($U
]




MC`

6469JP0O0!Q)M?JZ%H:&[
@H.W'Q!TCLIZD
MARB/`+/E2KW'
8`^PL\*<Y^KFY
MJ=#2\O$K/2-Q`H+Q3E-\0G\)H\SO!%&OOU='G,@W3(OI&=U:*5JHA/478W

M



K9!^=R#1T#V6;[:BM@1^KLA8I:H&&&;&47I1LSE


(V?C)38]@E68[KOG/PH;$#:$8WLYG-#.`RPV
M`TW$`-]*?!]1)@4MD')JMF8PT1

R6H*U0NV*K\Q=$K2
M

M1`]JBK%T9-@X%*=EX=Q#(L



M![;[(5&*4MUDVTEGJ9XE3_#3Y6[@$2H9VT*``??S!SKG%='OW+9.?4HD!P.\


S\





MR05+]*07$$-2NO&4JLG3X7::\I


MZ=$^J%W?CR*QK&;W)X*


?A
_O3#P2C(+?G[1?&'8


M2
=XDLORI2

A?MLQFC59='_AHXMXF+:5GU&C5

M-3GE2:KOZE

M?=RCB7MS%-J#UO


M1)RQ((RM$+LELP?LSV#+GI38#2
(L

):/1QS%Z.


0A-AYE07&\GJ\ASF^

0JPJPE]^6`%W(]#9.X'[%?K6B/FAMB#5H@;GE^SG)2A
MCG/AA
^2'LBB95R&7ZYE=[$#:V1]AZ46

.+
M&+`0'Z2O+P%V3,]9K-O+10.C]LM'=9^[NAE@=Y-DU)B'NV&SN
B$0E$I#'
M@$Q\[*+8


4

L-(8



[E





MW.$K00S9HW=?Y)/XCA#&4?ZMPH%4`59ZRV.
%SBD0XC
$?^9[W*;2[63N.T4%1'F33IFD)T5%X&02$;S&9IQ


J)9#Q/&V`U581
MY8G*Y=-4H]12\[[S),BD6V)QI!J0KY+HDO2J3-[NFD28;%X@C

MD;?SX6_YJ
H:PZ=C$B#Y\$4F7&Q\PY7D3*K%E15IJ5*^;=XS%Y@L40_\B+




M`Z!8
!QHH87V%LI
&.;2.@%*P-?E.PE)7AL?A&/1R)]0%0W`+
SL^
0YR9G6
M9CNWO&O7QI^I=VVA\

MGC1YE@A`HB7X2NAA_`42;AT,L


4P91E4U\8M'GPBQ]BL+#R#(@C)H9#V
M8_%`
I800_



MR6R5#C+%0_X36P'0

K
M*!ZYH@D_G[&\(YPWNRT64(P-$:X_2.0F(D#]8-)DB'QDLZ1/?C$/
U7_WT


R\^AIFK-+VJ*$)8'^NR
713$S/3-YFH]^_7.FM
MPY9G




M*VI6U*S8
1O]YKE3F$_



_X@BLCS0+1?N\**^X:':*ZJ
MQUU7&MF7_B]`\MUZL.5(!%HQ'EPQ5IGT<_M.UGT8B?9HNN#ZS^*MJHD%E[&





8`BB'S+`QZ`]K


MWC:KD_+/91PU#(_I(OV5N






^:QP')=

Q271UT@
MC<CX3VP%,))D$-MW79C2&G&71_/\6MV@#F;`7<IZ*G`XHBT9WP-%3XN(]XK
ME8L('@R;BN(Q\`N0B#&.D3/D#!S75G@_HD&L5W!_$C)
[L@+UAU;P.OIK7FJ

:Q+:SI+ERDB%C!CSLF)A(MN'
M2GR%%A@

OR
M7,Y^OO/DOU?J`B&ROY:G`OFSW6FUE]XDCPEZ2/4
KYG6S


MR/4%B8F#%LI4P0

H6
9Y2PC


ZK(\3)I]'YD8I==(HOFO9Y&I@&746/'![
M
8U(

R[)SYQ
DP(G1%=U720*%RHC9N&@1*4$`#Y5MSE
M'*SLG1^&X(SBM[`OZLU;='N6X2GQ:AU.1S@Y(`P1^U/-H@WE9V\0?O2]^ZN/

=
E*
:9%A-]+-
3*.<&^0
M0D3*`)6H#K'MWFC22'^'+K7^64V


8'YM_(FKP<N7K<@_YN(=N
CZ76Q
MA&Q.B:##QV
P-
@D8.`6Y$-91?8?^?YWF1U)#DMQZU);CF+V3*0Y^KG!&J5/





MEZ7IRL

]C5/WLZC%UA38#MA!L.DE)*A32&5.I*X:%;

!:DX
)S:/O.&4-Y:2%9`F
<1V%8G+YRKI/]V./ML_A?7#G`W-GW*C
M9-$FDI'$`#1I*Y?_FO

ME+
I!K2'A?4L(Y9$\TG2_N\PMSS%FW^YD5P_#&6&7`JA4YXFD:7=:_.O7KA]


HU=3`1%`
+(M[]C#0^

MV+3YR!TK.4=
M730^X+^!#*@4Z6@#E0A2ID!/XMUE1ZUX6)ECGH591=[QR!?Y:9QN:HI;:Y@W

3Q4;^8&DT+V;
B1Q'YEQ9



X/6E!5!1=6)FJ.0S-W'Z
-`=
MA\*`$WN5@X`$[UI_JW!BG&UZD=2%?Y60_HX\RF+;IFHY(.LD:P(/$!IR*/
M%)
6R^'


MYP0W0`5@YL/&?[
YHVA93DRX
94UH%@V:60


4[)L
MC^6Y.7BV)@2S2
1Q1/!O3



MW


MQA.PF+F3/25\=@\





I.

M

M;5AQ
:4JP!96W<PNGV`UHD?A+U*!9GBF&931J0X



9(DI$

M=`.-*Y)\

MO//8CL#^87@638D?JY4*N#1TK1-O[3ND'+Y[_J/`

M)


F5$-G'6&9-ASI$KU`UCC7
AF
M:N:=)'_Q



2#D'V

QV9#(GY4M;N0\C]G!F?W\]=W[KVG\]+^:]#_PLI\
M
(6+)'+-F^4)84GX/YRA(H\YQ+!MQN1YS,'QE8Y$M_6C
MO?5\-3HV/]3/
]Z*U6HSOHUVCAMR/T2L7A+CSV]HYA
M+P=/1]_J#=@S\$@U8)4#3%.=!DQ3W;.

$UU&C!-=3HD

MVHG]8':NFZT&_=?LTL`_F*WK03-G)E
;FEPS'
.)`^H%*DH;B[YUC&H;%[O;



MP'[H07O&)@U_HP:QKX7?;FUR'TV(O?MHA`%QV^!F]&($Z.0+*.D/B+E-57
MXYB

M/$;



2RQ



M^R

E!
M!D#I).;0_9@'N7[


M=GS3-L^=Z*KYI@I@:K[9ZJ++V=/#]447?=%%7W31T0!]T:4R!*3IO
)TKB^Z

_PFOC%KYP
M'X:K4:+@$TX#`,H@\L!.%C4;TMN*2P%NTI:5\&6CAF/8FQZG@&_976^2FP





MBMI[/:OWVKQNM^H@?G1LYB+!/#IU=VIA

M'[C#/

VY;F:$V


U:L[`N#8MJO2G*(60+Z80

MPPA8.!

4KQ(?9.$
MHDK+JC(LSX94TG]Z[4WHYJK5/Q&F'[$_FV$:65VQ]FO#'\$##U0Y1FYU&&
_
MM]#X3^RC0)&&*$DU!RB%BG;EI2D*-U&W2)BN6E[DB:#?N^YN1`:=)CYX0D)H


B\@E']CS

JHI==R5HXFOJ#@C4GX8NU%#
M74FV%%&4R#9(3[#Q`E$7=83E(1/YGG?&L_?EZDRP[FN(2V.%.=I
'=+6$3A







M[2:T[/&+&!33(A`ID3MRM%'-(,?VR]!7/L&8S5]Q,-3O#N&SW`QTS'C%

TU%%K-H2$^W^D9S

MSN$R/].

M!7;A.2F+PDJGI6CS:C_SZJ598S&UPKC:7TQIF^I@8DH?WFMK:D]KJEMC
;6/
M-76Y9YH77%/H=CH+F





$7*S8-YAPDUZ^R


M)7[
ZN.?H=YK-6S^*LP+=4]GY71,&@*T3!HM$P:`K1

I1E*
]3E


4-U.IJC*H1JA0CQ8A!Y;BI*
M5PS0%0.68JJZ8H!.^]=7:/05FDO!1/.2YB7-2YJ7*LM+E\
HF@LT%VB-HC7*
M

YU=


AM[9]W8MA][$??NC2^![\'?-L.F

M[_&_X3

!895@@#.#9C1,YL4WPCP-_
M2@_;5A`0BM84UPP1RV!*YVD`5%[(PPCE^./)N)WH`M:Z?#:N(.Q/-CQ^Y@[


MGW';Z#5[KTJT(8Y4H@W].



NU&RE80=\!+C`=2J@$;NPS7


E!=$XQA`#%@4^$CF



Y?7T.RVS


I




[H;81*YLMI?'7'W0Z%4%G

MG5D\P#7!^`
+;[T'%D:T1C(2\37-[KKUWEL!'BJ%I7AA;M)5T\S_^19//5@P
MLX)H_LF:
EKV&YA@PB)N?[
Y\VQ60DRWGS[D5J'=5RJ\?EF8^S`(GG#E2NS)




MK5'#)



XXL*)#L#)AE]@20[?5_
M3$H!B?OQO1]S*#C&:(Y5$)+%6;X1?4Q*2J42H

=(+(@OP

YP@*A+`N&FH:P0IW9*!20RB_^#\#'



V








MTV#Z


OFW-S6+:JNZ8V.H?MSI(8V!J6K:JBK3`D!^;&
ML)232$V.@O^*PXB/Y]4XL=SMC*%];6Q_&ISL&QURI)NV__%OI=9SSQ/@#7$Y





H5%3?/




M_\C`J+9L.Y[&+K7L=M@L8#:WHJ3#LS7U@XC_35_4Q
ZN@+NNH_I5-+-U5+]B

MRW:\]%&1*GP;H'?HI.9.H]

W


MR;VH6Q9=J#R_:Q(;5%/:E!($V*.*?C)Q







MW=N0DO==G


MN%E7N`+&R`KA0!`Q#]9.Q


M&3B3ENO.X8&`



O

7-'*G2(T:!9
MEG?;





M:JI\SAAMP6=+269UPO/R=DYC5'V


M7EU:OSR
P&[LCS#



\+

MV;K%IFN`#&2);%95_^KL9M?\P%D\QF::Q#Y/&Q0\'Z)S]FDBYT
TS3ZA3`_?

\OS]L`G%Q$[S

M^J;DB$T#M!ZU=VT(O:4FUEMQ^CV:5&HO6#2BMA3(M_L0[QLMASY5(_RIN0

G::I8V.8_3M

AM0:%\LV)

R[@;\#Q2NUJ


\HGZ


M56SQ`#^5EFW#&75=LX?H-=W6\+ER.I%/2RM#O8\_1FY=G?1T'Q^
S':U
L#E

\$[HN)%Z8_7WS\_*$60O2Z\&
.;*I[TMBQS-YEG@87;TS7E`EZC8-M

YW[OIG65:U:L.&G:L88OF:.

MCY_?O?\

8VD^F7C)C
4C!KDLJX#!_JH`
M!;8T#[



;J]:GL[\'+CQQ(




MA)$ZZ)$TGTH5#EWC/XDNU6G8I%K3D
J
?HV




X#L4MA/.VX]P<&*:C1^67
M-A7H4R?0MI$1E2\;4;[L7)E]C:2NF_

MO#3F/8(YP;SU

M^3XPUZ1D0#`GF.]ES?4H&1#


M6H

M]&UD1'7

MBF!.



Y'1$



8CGG@A
M/`RNBF]YP@




+
J:DQ`.:WG('P)W).



)EPB7P`B;)2C9A1/$A;;


/_17$QZ_
K


_@*
SQ[*\WA

*P))
XZ`5CF

=WRX[]RO-4_=



MACE^*:+UH_$:E?LV_H'(GU8NYF7,B$[@S^P=H)%3^$;XL*5LG'D$=\)#+D
M-)].0X$\`]TP;/5

M]0&AZ;K+`=:V!



=HI_.W)6WI3.]_^HG=B2`;OV80[
*?


B9%WI.
M


WIFT\/$K0]


0Q/DPY'KM1MJ`G0-4(EQ[

)D-2.U.X9JIUC&KW.&;?GGEBG




XY:'_V-!1

2U/L27G%KL
POIOW(%UNS5AV50Q8'M5[+WJ3



MX=9+1)S+?L.WV#DC](8\E'T]E*D1Z5)WX

M%A%XOTE`J4N+@;+
)!V17-&0\UR=RY_BC4ABPL%V2ENI3NY_M'\(&80F&82/

B8[TMJ*MH!9^BZXT$R#IS(-M]OXT!.]&-P7[]JL:;:O?F#Q%.]!


MX$WA[W]Y

MA9?O[R$

\D^&D[%.%?;8!YF4+[_^]^GY5QLIEG%PVL]K`


MYSS%GL(RF(M\
96X*S5JCIMLG
3YS7C!IU0:@B5%3V#?+'C(%?M5C!!U]29N

[S5[8;YD7Z9C'K#B?-PB\F?(H=YB)4=V\*


=A#6XQ1&0A8H4JYB'F_1
QE5N#?*
1;
MM6HL]Y:O;[#XHK85_64MVH++Y$N

MPE4-@=R`1*(@E
U?JH=0&*8-RM^6**N_UI`L9@)E.Q]`880UOJIJ)B
#U?U'

\W

M`XVX*@B!#K((Y'(/#(UZ'MRCYB3AA:M&IXPD*$`L/G[I@3+U@WAQ`@`MO?Y\
M[*62)EJ5HN=P/=.U1VEVKCZLD@&C&C

XN:Q6/.+A'VC

M






M/.JX6?B;SQ&:(/YD5*9M;&6Q66]BK[4WA#037K-E/&YW]E$Q.6_:V'^SXI8!


MJV^+R
4L;?^F03IM-I1[531:
NZ@:QF:-''3O^:ASSNK_FKA_XF-+BV2NZ7G

^R_S(E\*8_TPK.70T@/RL\4NTQ[)


JV^-(
O1G
?=QXG+B9B(VV2F]*_[A;)^&X+;ZW-



MXF9CK\1N?-Z\JW.QM

MHX?L]'HRZG#%8XN+'9KW$$1#8'2CI[96H2&P5J/#YH/-!YL/NM%C\R$Y9+U'
MAV[TV'O0C5ZE_0O=Z-&-?F5T%-WH!R)/B[*C*E590S=Z&LR`:F)4HQL]J-:0
M:G2C1Z
I=*.GUG.#AH3H1D^_PPP-4NA+B&[T8%D7=&-'GV):)J$Z$:OO83H
M1H\@BR82HAL]4-9$0G2C1Y0ND6(;O0'*V'/'JOD3O((OAR0A+VC++59.U`^
M(`E[1UEJ/W2$$14-(Z*].1J^HKTY^BRCS[+&:H?VYK2)A=KIJ79H;W[W[39W




M

Q
MG




M!)Q+96^AQ4+`M5IL.:[K]L/@DA8[#8/KM5C8F^L9-,WB/H2,%PHB=,P:+L;
M!%S/H#6[;XVVT8J;Z$O]K'M;!!P/8.V[_3T!N=2N5LLU$+`]0S:9F3W(^#2
M0FW/9WN]@



MT%Y__3&
0&S]3CO`:+;67G_M;NQML!7V
8(-
JW?J39[Z]W%VG3FN#_MM:P-


&&A:##I6V]QO<UMS(M-!F!3HAT`Q+;70KRY/3*1Z2!




=Q'?9J'





XYO6XC**
ML?$_EN





WH%X\$NZ^'A+VC/*WB*NK

&';;Y

M?#+^$9=E6OVXU2_OZ;9GLB:_=_EXWW9:?]__;D\7_ZZ]]W#[G+@60WWQZ=28






Z&'TYGM<M&Q63IF5M

/9\:H
MY$E:*QCQA3DOP9SWR(=YX9?J(6'/(+N1EB##*1UZ0_U47_)2B0V3FN&^RVU$




.JNB=GW5H:




M=IZEH_;.69S?*!$$H1:\I2%AS[=TGE@FV3VU,`!A/X2]LUPQ.Q`X;HG:IP4
M:'W'[!6?EGR4+O(!\L2()TV3B[]B92YK4PN/TIPY]RC)P&S0HF9[N@]I;^$
M?2/LL4!F3^7#:`.EM4?ZMBB2KVF6M1MGT5PN$X].^#C-TYH;63IN?-0ZSB_2
]K-9G7S[%T;DUN1,HW)(^_G
M[[N0-S]1M`FYS/[),M.3:31NEF76ODFK49P9_^%Q:;S.$V';KC-F51D1H?[I
M/32?A@Y!^F/2.\&\-!!Z#]$;4ZZ+<ZZ.BG@[*CG0L7P+-7.(&Z13YGDZ8?
M=E'B^K%


4'O+
M.D`=


R()+8D&1@'4+H4=KI=#(O(:3N^32UF(T


M)\!KZ_=^U`;/3(TK]
1

M'NVO;5\MOU.A^[75\MM
V_2*OVNMIK/X^C2N^2D?%?DHS=*XR5'9O62^XRA3
M

M1T5&0KR2ODK
$=?&

^B?MD;$4=`W45\

MSHQSGO-Q6BMA





:AI_J2UX:
M2MA\U-Q

XSKE:QKRV&
MLY?2C8'K2RQRM^=)4\Q
6!XF%$Q+!;-
YH4.-(S`

A%WGZ
M%T_^%&^X$']7U=5.#:9L4YT&4][/6S28LIJ_4KW!U#83\I4WBMYH4)8\7P7X




@




1XMY
C=B


B41Z8\
N7AHR-3'DP?(M/(E`?3NC%]


M9859YO;^
MSX:$

M3_:''6YI0F5\7.]&2_
OR;`RMRE^'10

JJA'@ZC`'*`^6!\JBA/$[$?*EVUX'7
M<EH?S^RGP!/9$&=;\DF)4:U$Y35BX(C%H6DF)UGG/`ARQ:R*W4.L\5XM#A6

]_=QV!\/
M&O#QH`$?#QKP\:`!'W]P-.#&.`5O\%U3U))7M5$V-\6KK_%T8)\0UY4&'`-N

JCA6J0@`;@*P4^=@U*X.DPAH&5QW6A/=)'28
\

\%/Y+V]KW^UC8;[_
JN.+.)[^^GETR9-9QC^-
MW\1I^;]Q-N

M9


_K-MYS
4\


0_:LR$(CD&[R(

M1NH`-2VH+9-Y7J#&ZP;4@'HK\;V01:&GQNM6NV][:RMNE[1ZF[FKL/EX
BG*



8_3;C!1[BANX0JV7I[
M




M`PXKS/

AP=7O.

\TSBHEMD]J)XLT



D]/7QOLB

-__--63H4W.HR$!KNG9:\N+#)^

M0!;(JH'LN]

^4D4*I



M-4?43

-9)0O`,GG62
M$#R#9YTD!,\X9J9]S!SBF%E9?L_9@[)-U]#!%@/7L_9[8C+2\:'1PH]7$










MKL3[=C@GH?:6=:#:9K[O@6I0K175(?

MCL6!E:78XN



F




M]O4T/W#PCE8NB!$2B1&RP/ON2/N#:8[2.\PU[/`-)C6B&F?N2;Y@5@&DQW
MLCT\%[8'F-:):2MBEDL^P(HC=])NNXJM7!`LE%N1+53C72NTCX)HN40[:KQK
M$`VBMR/:UO
X!T@?+M)6`*2!M%9(:]HQ&X?N:.6J&E56=)^L9_I[[J(!`.

M`4_`$]0)LN[2RJ5K&)9\*Q=GXCL#O%NW4HBWUHY:I9$UK5BWS6*
H$_E?R



M
XS??GS$HIC;F[*8O+X6S\KC[.6L$J/E9752UV5ZWCBZ9\6;HN3I1?ZRF.7B



A![ZM)#V.)VDF?EBW4YB+*2R;*;Q79[J9\;N00/L*]XE%

SFVR/!4YGP


M4Z3&MS[$-X9CL:9(J#=P(&L?14)![$$2:WLML2Z(!;&*$.LS50LQ$S^`6AAH






R%Q+\R'6W]JINM:;
MHDB





'VH3M4
M``ED@^Q.IY5NA`OO0%HCIU+R\O!`/I@@0Z89U&_L8?3=WH._*OT*DV$Z[ZX

M%6?OPWCL;?9\I8;+CMB@U-B@[U%?:1#N!M(XR`'9!T^V%5#WV@$T@
92#;(/

M_73ZZO7I793T)[/]GV%-KXVJR-)$I[#KF[0:Q9GQ'QZ7QNL\X8GQ(;XQ;(\9





=ZFN9S+'PAU#
*T1TPK5G@#9



^*#
^&#'3M=1XVPKMGV!:)M



(@$Q&9




M6X\IC^NTR.-

VSX+(C`-



T*)@I1ZI

'77MP%J@-HD4%M.
J/\J``F!P!M$*#;
MEMLU,CL*X?=:-^]OZ8B7-'L=L32F)?C7)-6=7`6-EH8''2-[(L)2!\JI#7J


O








MN16T@YQ.;7
K+0&M-H=Q:1?04+1^(,K&::D1!\$6:M@6O1D





M


M]ZUNNZTOF$'+H.4[6O94]Y

M=?4.

MW!M4K?PT@+B)8(W;L4*=
0RH(%3S/:I]]3M#`=-F2%AW2_VN8P7*!P(`9A`T

MLAD2UDW+7K=CV1W5MS/@9?#R1KSL!WH
-J+EFW,T5-??PG14Q_N;+,DK#L#
MQ'$M)]2XSE$MPT\Q#!]82*;34OZX1MR&1+N@99]G;LI@)9!R[W%?CPTDI81


2Y^V`H0,$?`W.R6?(IY_Q21\`*+^'//B`)ZT\4/5=S%(`$%(9K.0

MZGE
[K7H\YRJ15^@A=-$
1^M(A+6[)KM=!S+\36.
P`J&DE8=R.`KFNUVP[`

X&P`64#2[V\
K7SKSPPD.+TIZ




[.'9#




1XF\;




&
V+YR`/D`?(`UL







M_4-5T[-IFG%@130JS
X3^#Y_R
&Y3Q);PJ/AU2/5XDJRWEJ/YF$4TLR-#@S%
M265W%9L
!-:*1]:*O0K:KCL^=PB4^'$\O&*YX$0RW:V`#[[IY*(R*^S?1@'?



#B#ZD!%MM-&A

TF-X3F`YW0:;+:/Y^.%(
M6#.6G5:GP3Z



M:(\B$F[=7DOAI(*]J)$T=1K


MJ!-8[29SE:%`FBH0UJ/O[;H&PZ[0(^B1$7H$NPZIW

K2
M4KRY8+W71_&_TIU^;`?';BA?!O*EYQP1'K\^BHY=Y^C-8V[6ZH3`'AWR1'Q8


&60[C
/#_T@GQ'(M(/MYD.-0`_&.14$
4W9#'`%^!





#(2



;
4
-0L;VJ






MT'@IMCMOL^&(IA


K2:C?%TUZ6#ZM[D+P@=R'9=5WT8SWOPWTKY



*V/']/!/J-[%(E(ROQ&AE^4P6^6SB<:^%=LJ\M5@0=#YI


A:U_80G(PY'AFPZDG:)Q'@E.F3U;0I(JQCG(NYD=8
M)K
9B++A
(OET*X8_84P4N;3@M/JZS@3JAY1)-D,I7RC],UBCT;BL6MQO*4
MMJ]R(`8+7K`()2DMQ[F\)\DBF1HHKQAER:2@D7B,G,=RHFDI*?5&O!'77B7



F01Q8YS\N!6`7$U=4]_F9R


M;YD
(HW


M:G_FK)O::&/.[DR_E+5GM`5A*G3`+10!\\=$(W,KML\\P5P=S18]4$S('Y


$S?
M?9]CFSY<J_:8E/]UFTWG-9ID=5O?EQ5/KDI0_=NWNVOE;@'NNW)LK.<$D?3

CP:W;[SJ:
=



[I`U:
RFMJ

M;K23#J!B*J%BXGIN
&XZX[KYEJ`=M&^1L2/0(EH;D`/R+2!'%`T8-YQQCY@;
M_XOH@@-(!.V!A%HCC0!JI2)J91AH
11!E`?FV()22/0KBKM)-))@#D@!Q#


MB`MP#LXWY]P/[



6OTD0L@7RHA7WHA


A;8KHN1')@;CCGQ
M



MWK


M56EW?2TR'0)R0(XA726
0+NJM!
[U./`


H%:A2LUTBB1E%1,&,*!NI0,%GHPU1

M8]5IKM


0_MV`LT
CLP










BHY65\A=Q3MH_IYG%2UY8WZYH12_NK.;Q
MQ=8DO:NM=-1
.5G7-&
C_O]1GK+KVJJG%_^BHT:\;T2K)F4%-T4YL?C455LY
R5]Z\:LYQ_W-Z)
M4UBTYGT];3C:8U[4LJ;S;[%B-*U$;2ZF#9_%&_Y,:/2;/!8^Z&H4U6*@HMK
M=O@C1''YF_E\R6M1\.EWL?[_4S\4[\YB3^J
MK\O[)XW2J7A^6UC^A(5O66E%K6DQJ81=6X_!XC


F$)_LV?TSO+
M([8E7)F!==J(
S5_`]:<`0TSRS
M

O^-:V;Z[;LO

M%]W*E5[B
@LPYNX!$)=2AJ/@;<\!%CR

M*:M^2_

M8
%`(8FZ#'1`N?[1E:ILM\UQ!6?9=Z*:54,?+R@LUEDFT[L)4Z7;4@014]-
M\^+K-ROB&GW42TAG$;T@W%D1U^B7N)V%C%
`DE%'%:5($3
86_O'K_R);T3
M'PV_I57VX3]3#BZ?*9IJVLYU9WR:K+YRLLXFXA'UQ[(:T]D-`__7+CMH-N3T


MH^T:*TSZ-U8P2+Q]M%5_H^C03'(F



MDJC;;KOB[:5*'-QF_7MID


MG(W;+]5?:/40C[F^%C;_TW:9








BWFAF
M6$D1*TM&@L2-I&QJ'

R
M]XK5#K=WN&3)S==H:^CO;\[$?;$0FI.HNN<*@YE'*];SVC'TE(]IM^./'0O



:W=

M)+JN*V./85\V?)KB[5





MH-R1]&\J




MV9/#:_67

M4\




Q
C

M2
`E\6OL/)`;:+[/@$)@`22$MX#?Q!6-I(*AG&?LS95[CB&47CP(X69*!WF3

+6



M(]^;


M._XN]J-/+FN:E+7`ZZIC6L%S\C!N'C&;)QSF
X.0*L+@0B5DJ(2
U[YMK\ZT


#[X#OBXW]U!Z$/;:2V74<1$#9EAZ%'_4!;GP%HS@DB/

M[-8R
29DH0-&#0#+$.<`#PXHBY2JE(0!6UF)8;ZD[*E8\*P#LZRX`($Y#_F@&E

$
MN

B*:\D^R8)1(HI(#:!E
M

9&B2_EUA0D-_-







2



MQVR75D]7J6?#ZK&6JL=JE5:/;BG];%@_]E+]V/8K&GG.$Y3&13_]!8.
B]27


M%K@\B
D8`LIZ!UCS\5@-X[N3%H

MN=9RAUZXW-'IM


ME/.K.Z`9:U

29O&U

MMYB!EJ49AC4;_S^+@6PU9V

F(:Y@($./&+/KFT\BX$QK&V
@79[`0/=KF9U

PP6*@




$X8Q_7C2$[+GZ9G

MK6&:D]TP7[2G?X;7PJV'.^1ULW[+-

ES/K

NY5MJC^N4='7+

YAH'&$D]E3$$(C=).+X


M-@$#ZW;F#9Y[):UR;F31.92X-:/;MO9=2/-;6QI2%IPU!4+KS`LI:R*R#:PJ
MS
0HA7*J



M%'47TGH(WRD

Z0GCKA_R)**KY2)M/_MH*C'@KX3'K/]8YX0/
B:E<`DDY<3Q))QG_AUDCNQ+
%VD`
MF)PA_1YI%R*A`R&Q6EZ0`.N8
N.JD'5EAPZZD8*ES7=[F&5]1JA9*$UC3Z

\D@&F8XUWBY#X/B0P#OJ8





4TU
MNL

HKYXD3N!1*?BQB5=Y?8VEM7X),TYBTHQHOG\G;14`N

7A/6V(=.W?7`M
M8BX^YK$(/AU.!)EA`O[(



2O;


7[^)9D;][6L)QN'




4


SLK8&G1



M^6%KNEO!V#4U5?2\L2M5]TK#R?DJ#A



T`


X3/







9?
ME^
'%BN&?F0B&\\]7O2J=_@V'XF

M




^4@G9J

MBSF


?Y\-[\LXC7[_551

321I'DJ<
MWJIKVP);0JVI'4*'$MJZ#0MDKSB

G[E=2*
M?)(*GG.6E6SG:0X@.^0T-N2JYP9?PCKY2S;LFNZ!\#W`FL0N.I;VQM8]FT



^2%

M2\82PK.LD&



M7R^.9S22
SO_G




GG&\N+H2[(KF


M1GA'9D5X=6SMHQ&9;2BA!B^N/;#LD1$-!;`/7!?);!G?=F]H1#L8!/=1Y&VR

MO/L.BU;YO)W/X1U5$5[;
RO$J^.!DT9DMGS.9'M]V7#$!!V$!ZI=)+-E?/L]
MVP@#B^#&;($G:'&G-P@
$CO'&'^)@[X*R
T%DY
:!K1&;;.;Q]*W`=A'?G




M9&E)#^G8^4.XMG!M=7%MJ?G[KUNG;WN:S2`N
?.6F$:






'(


M+1)+U-@0;`9\,B2/N_2G

TTS2


M*$DQO61?KWTQ-H?+06LQFJ'AB&B[[O6G[@5D!^:
ZV\!450LI:3L:89R'0



7QC$81+




*Z3-M`QV3Q$X-Y1J1V3*XG5Z`
M*KQ[J$$5?N(9D`]NFPY9`WBW^A



47K-MJW_TVE2KRL[=6=EA6!C#PD\K6'7LTP_$/I)Y
M0




M5S:OB_0%\'\88:.:?2)OGQ/ROT5\1VQ/*=F^4K+DEQ24AM0Y[S@HJ3P55=VA

%U8E50B

M\%.@JN%)\3?+YU6^@'4AOYL)?@VV`V25L*LTYZ4=`0.1T5#IWZH:$Y_*US6E

MDFLJ.`

142&F!(13J-^'I



M`ZKB-L$^\YN\U]BN.?G__P/0OY1/_9=T(A=)-%G9*+
)0SF7U5!=[D9N%+


M(`TYK3$@&AC(JVJ=X&2QRO!GP%TFP5#ZM7
L@%/
I\J89PHUHH&:J
9)_2.]


CT_J6T7.URN

T2-@$9`[T+]2W=HAJC7`?I'Q#'BN/(TAJX9HMY/
M

M`MQ4*2/`#0'XL4]03NS4I'HQ'D]-
)9QDK$
!/2I`MKV$-`(Z`X!^J5C]\V0

/3:&N
MR$`XUF)(6




MP48


MFQ;L\0G?[B4$FQ;;8PC_/J'Y'VD11Q^F





ZPW$Z7O8S9F`FAIA^F]__;.]OF
MM)%E`?^55&[=C]X8B!

M@R0DC$`SZB\)1D)2=S_=FM=N_
9#+V^0FF%2AY/J\K&1Y:O=\$I!]9A$X6J'

.RK#]CSHY?89?



YNLW-A&1F?L_R@N7D:8*&3[^:I1T)R7=@?DK]-%^&)*O@X`C
M^CMJ)OM*J6M(^^I]]+HE'A][N1
EO8OT







MU1N0`?SU^9APK`/Z&#C+T9RE/D)CW)I!Z&7P\5(.VVK7:PQDJ*A2*6O=*@U'

MM'*HUC]/PC7OVWEW_!
`HZKW+%!L'.VV-`P@9X)\2\1[`-_)]?7#:!6]GQ%J

_8

&2
M1B.C(L^FK`#


@Q!*

M3Z'L0-



PU4?

/P&GBHR
.?8X-Y^'


GF0
MFP='TS[G

/QF9H/E)2$;:?\`%9U


ME^=T[V7%3KDW2/9Q;_TBGW0FWO:8/


M:WZ%JYKOB?EZT\T7P3..Z1G03331AZCV'KW!:=ML=.J^KAJBK=AY^T$SG1


C;`AU

M4HW52C6VI#QCR[S@RTUJ:?#3-?[A#:GK\574@Y`K08DG_[S#GKB`7(2CFM+R

#1LZ8
R&0MP:/UL^CL^T'3FV0




M$REG6UX2(T=#M::B-:(
A[[PWY&I7)B'P0%V.T!:5^`$VCG!S@*
X:!W/+P=
M^




M@ODSL?S?C)9S;RYL1JS@K)95^=+2T8L-?=!%91G







M&H$H;0;-K0O0)Z$98O-A:(9Q]&RF8?B\'62W+UK#2+GF9/NIB.+1K=S?0!S_


?OF1:A1


EP=I*B`BM[L/*`

PSWP4)&'


N%_M(P8/A
MC&=

M4J8VPN50K]0)`+@?@%]70J-+!]\X_N'X3


M.0Z;'YZN.+:)=XLLXH3L3=GSK-HT::/[23UZ8Y0$3LRKOCE)K52ZNDOT6!&
M/QS\(3STR`R:C.J5C/\0/3G:#K%XBKR\-UP


?
R-97[C)''O$FE@$4TOWI;L%
2='TI/XWX;EFP%+-S$U
MH)__!3(T9:A\6Z5;;_@[
I6S#9KFULA_MZ7E.J%_-0F&B[-N-_DQ8Z3H.^
_
MY6B(W[E*#B;D-!'U!JAHB




MN?I#=JW:R$FA)@PE!5)M-SK5=J-H@%39;;0ZI+H^::KK1K$`J:K;8VM(-7WT





PY;6_ST9_4WE^P!8F
MSX!T-:2+M094GXKJD3?'W%]Y$@!L7NJ2?$3#

M

M4\KV&#F=T-
XZU;+5ZJI66\1X7\A1X2I=?3Q#Z%AQ*WY
M^DY$




`8GE3^B0W[Y+M!^$H;NNX*VR




(.[&P##
:;N5!08Q
MVFT4VH:[33P?
WCGKOH<!%1A0
M21,GJ:B/N-ZY?F4^U6/7HI(+N2JL<_$4U@[9QYV)6BNRM%!$;4(G<65P=S!

MM..%58
'5)RL/

0`


Y

5K+$)_($FBG9UM2YB9IZPPX.]6V2'?=]JE[VP$SW&K
M!9`NCW2QUH#J4U$]\N:8^U6QC.V%Y
:GK&E!6C8OPZW(#]DW_K/BK@DCJ'Z
MLY0M6=L-:\8
2;%QFS%14;.!




CFBW10;O@L$1[;7(X#TP





79
L9VSQ2V7?96J84%]7)OC_/G

;:




]_V7]$+6:P6
MFZ-A?NHDV09C5&I#G3L6;2_JZ0U&)'EL_I0*:AG;RM)F?/^D6LWGC=#6\Y94
M`?!6V\M2_4/F?4S(%!Y+P?BU2Y+1V%RM0J?3\;9K#^YA]L?Z.V7'&3FNH0

MU`R5V1


+QD7





M``#M7=USVS82?[^9^Q]T[C-C.V[3)I.TH_@CIQD[]MG.I??4@4G(PH05(4

KTQ;(H`-S?`E@L]@-X_]OC-!W






`#^4HJBJ\?




MHO4)Q^

?]@39#I+\=[^&NTQ2N
\+7AU+K]7Q165




MLF
T(QE*=0#








99*DFY;UA=


MRM9=5OB3[[4+5[




MH'CV$0EE#UJHPD/.$;W'IGR
_AKV']+PM1!5.!G.
4?W^'






K#2(]0(J9




P-=(
R
M:@H;MU4N(&V(N\!]J7E`\J


D[`O3KT*_R
M(57VDYC()4P*=+V3WE3X[].KF@F]1@\7<KAQHK<Q&LL&)/TKX]]&5Y]
=9Z
MF


M*=RK9T/Y=V[R
O33*!AF:$;R

MZ1&]'TE![CA*C$V``:KZ0QW0HRX52M?R


\RSG.)H22J;Y-$JQNHYR5J;UB*BXZ#-BR]BF

MXU@[P)GP=@0VG-7?JA&P8$?TC






MOW$'NUDN(


M;QC];I6!1G35:?/


*I+ZV
M\?LP(X?@=:
CIHYF:8_QR&^B!-]EFW&O


MICG0#!C1SW(
];NT)I+MYM.<<A&45ZA_NB@R$9/WI$:UC)(5D[


&X%6&



MZP@Q5+HH$I-HG+('A]VJ4W
!4T


.`]W:;H`.I%'0A0/K-LG


8XXHO15`HHKHS&:NN
Q2J;4U0I;^J.




ML9#

!26SXL!'6`E116583_XG+L(N+;MA

M50Z)S0QJ+!\80K


HC;FB\[JODZ)%Y8&\]V4]_=6O2+-=]\





M8_GD_U!+`P04`````!

M
C`Q-3`U
M

Q)]-W#YKO[99%&A%W0%?GN

M

.[-]O6W]?-Q5^C



563T0UI&\QC&
$QJO
IB'V4.Y*(HL6(3ANB3S

M\WN-'A6
1-P

MSV
273P[0H_PM+8?
+_S&08I`T=$KUE[.1;W$IW4UN'


OA7+6*32A@29(UTT\X['0CVK7&PSTXKTUC-3FC](TUS?G=]




'-L1^?9_R*:!-F4[2T32U8JF=SF_
M2^Z6(2/9M



$
-4!@[Q$!:U6;@)A^

MDLEL1KEDD]V2&8D?A9I7RW$28TVG




M0T2HOVW\DV=%G(B;+YNDT34)
[*D272U6C/Z6)ZOBDG1[&J`V'.:Y3/*/_=[
MF/!C/)?3IFYIC)0V`HQ_]I+2Z(;1J)CEV3V9+5.:T
5&3@:DO0&R?IV(-#[1
L8%P4_

MXW7+(FKO81_&B20BO!0V;'(=/Y*(:Y%ANHBY(#[)N#J1G6T^A?]#V7D29IEB
MLW08`17

MJY;^ULBF6%ORABZ(_A:OBI7RFFULXX!4?NJTDMK4QCZIXNR;SI_-LW)EM[8?
M


M.[
K


S



M


$6\
M0
Q-&GZ

M#_RHAXNBQ8_=[@

-FOJ

MFNA9MSLV@*VYD76[GRQ`]RD#?0$@7P#(`J2M`OHKK9)(M)4$`?2P#Z.*C^(Z
M
R-+82E\)!7?`9M&IRL^8
JUI]?Y)
&YWV$R.@%U9-HZ.0(#I1\'R3[Q^4DE

R#:M7Q
MIN6T;QZ-3F7H


MVP]KY
*/_W4]PW^%#X-M&'W
7D7^^:!_/MB
3_/Y(#A^;P]TZ)=^[X)U_?8\

05BF9=+4$10C
M6%`/6K\.TPP0Y6(`)]^EI$!G.RX%UFM57T.:0*6`.I%T'4\)S/*FA_-*%K8
ME\VR0\G
[[_L^KT$O]D1/V&!-SOAYUT^:2)0+^RVM'61#J+.@EKG71*JV






Y
MO5-*U.!^CB#55K0J6]%GFA-XV+MV_Q

MPW0A\@'WGCBX(6JTP8
*BQ6Z;3:H$$FU33
HMVGS?%(7`B6ZW3[T^M'V0=B-
M-43`H8ZBVFAC
KO:9-`=O0HSW[


2QCX

M(D(G*\KR^
]2`IC.KVF83EF\B-/RATLB2:K1I:L)8NUG\3RC\U#^R9=_-?#)

MK



MG*VWI3D.`.H


MM
]ASJ_1Z?S#-^&


M9N;!%Q;49MS91J5O%\H(XP54R*=.%PONPRLS]9H%C0+4QJH9A1MIW%I^(W
MA88^C?;5UW#.433+M(L9;+NE8$=J);QH!-*#5C=T(41@^]38$`).H=%CP@

O0.E;3EV



MJV(T=[:@3J@^#%
=)+D)K](H#E-%DLK&!B821`IW9[F?LOOP6UF.09$@LJVQ

1#?DGY*W7RT`-QKSR\I


MJ?=]NES?<H*?1TQL-O-'@E(T&7O?!KQ=XM[_7&$Y28]^AZTH


M!(8$V
L^G
LP9K^%24$^D5#(;N*6AEP[G?L[A#B=7VX+N1SDNZ[H;(
'Z6L?


M&8F$F9




)\B5+[`*DEI19=!P6*5IJ`N








UG.WBCEAQTX=GM^+NI


-[.69@PF+6\
MLPV3L\T;&;V1T1L9O9'1&QF]D=$;&2VK!;IRFCU9_WT0[YY0!6&IJG03\]L'
MLB#A0XFP*=Q[.1B5'+Q7T

MQ?_3%_][BPKV](&?@DPX_I8TX5S
2AMYONFF$4&LJ`3P,GP6H'7B1Q`;/*
M$=HY+AD^&$+P^_B?LTUSL

;GV$134+%3]

M@Q.$;Q+*7[-)D2\I$S$I7_A!Q0YB-



M.@90-O:U8#A1?-=;2KREY((OCH.L]G`]LZVC2U?PKQ@98AV5;'@GK5H%?3


M;UTSGRK'L*G`;[O]36OKPD#TW%


MI

^)*R
M78('3G*]7K-;FB27E`D3HR8;N@[HM7^O_7OMWVO_7OOWVK_7_E^3]M]3?D8W



GJ







L7\#V6[U=)(DK*E05+J35X[
M8I2T2)J:)6;-8BY/
U$_
A?*61M%TO8&R)JNE_F2WP/Q3'X`R-J8^#S+EW1-
M(N7G)6T
?+[UKASJBOP]3J.


$7]6/U&8S/XH^/XO\_#O



6
;KED74WL
^


C6IFCHC7$2/U?1DRF.FM?V((;@_*:5G6JM+0J
G
,XI84L)ON2J#!A,7Z5V[IO4





M
I6PE0`/LK*;





MI1B;.G5J=B`H0\\5C('23C


MDJ@GD
982^J&!HOX\BRV98A2
U#]'IO8








@SI7Q[-=WR








M+5.:T(4JXR6@O0&R?IT\B%S$9S'?1WS)QV&B2(C8VM@`0:(4U8RRYC00BA;V




MB5TU2]KIP$6Y7[M
)FPMP)55=/O;P+H`NXKLANL8/`9`_CQT6Q[N*:8`WSC*
M+=TV

D^\Q7*9X%NN!I8TR*GMM
`!@B_(XSO
MLFEZ1D

CZ5CCCQ]I?!]4S
M2\;XL5'9)S;[)G6K

R3^Q6<A.R42Q2
M7/`U<79\`?+[X;&\V<H]D=U3OGH._WY.L_PSS?]-\GVV9`GNP;]W0BR\(2RF
M8F/6/XEV;VWS54F$0V;OQ13E/FMM;Q_-OUM:?\AT3V]#[\)*4PHJOSXXJQN

MK!
.


M][/T]AG*)Q/QR400)1




M4&3VC/;YKX;-1@&V/*

FB!WGXL6'+D:7S
MR@4($5LJ+*VG+T





MY



M^IZP51

T9A?K$//@4@]HXS1
M)WYCUX$GY8^BFE4F[*Y0LF&C&(!0^U_%-C\/L^5E0I^NR2-A7
JX%4QK(AC:
MQP1Y7._AG[J


U?D
M
\$OX=7=+:9;



9/1(Z^/75V?16


J;*:*--S+
M`)

D274;+5Q;1]M0L)14*9.5(Q)=*)PY6QV\#Z;'V0@F9A2M\:


)MU.F%VF-\M!23(QT^D9Q

M%%1[&2



L;
*Z95I`


M*ZAI`9O\TW2SJ)

M'3R[KW[EM]66P
]40`Z3QKR'P-8&JCG8+HUC*J'NEC%E5).2EUI]7$*Y#&-6

9(F)&K]#/)K\IOGI$Y

MN1?8

M31A'5VD=N]9



M96*44X@H





`:
K$5IXW31UR/196P;;HCN=-GT/6PK

MM


#T+DQWI[4*I

/!GET5.XM):5-





P<'(9
K






MZ6H0)U912!J[C4\IU@


M3O70PZ@;`8EP.^K`;0O`0J=TZ



B/ITKL8&Y@^TSY3/+*.'I-


MJ$C8




M0MDGE4@0^B(ZKY6N4O8X%DD'='0XRQ6Z*V$`GO729=`=P@
U-$]JJ'<?P6\)9DA\(
M\2!YLLK/^5_BZB'R)65/(8N.[5S]!D&0K?@CDUO;U8VQ$-]B8!U0@#F
-)-
MFIL+V`L!'`T




MV*:+62;IQ8'QR![Z








@%J?Z_%V3UD%@9\3N+





Q^K+FY^-L1M:Y.(6N4GX.$;Y\1&FK5M*UQQB&_+ME%;&O




M8ASJGO..'AP7.1!2JZH_;@L__RB70$KK
F\=IQPHURBZ%Q%Q2N-(;?V:^&P&


UYJ(E

PP;;S_:X.%E7[7V1@+U^URR14O4Z.PBI$AG4










M8!6CW1/
.U1P'-$P2#J:X
B\&UVL:?:LN#]5KZ&7-.%





0


MG^WA21KUE



-&%E.07
+

/M`D;XCIW%21)7-=:Z.1;[
M?<2R]$$@;V<D?LTY_6GJB]M$W;7F<&KA.`+3C;_5Q;SY5VV:O8L&1C0OG%H
M1W:=3?^
I'R298;=EM8.R6_F^@69$[[;(]Z@2MLCIJ$*4$@2^A2FTO=JY@9&
MPY0+$A6S

D%^_*(4F]E!T3!#LI(G^241FS(15TO!


MMAG?8L&\R`M&@A7_^JI8!0D)
AD_DG^3D
GL/]T'P@R:%LP
Z..!$(.^YU\U
]4O1\(
^XF:
M`7TT#EK(]UPP(^$\ER:Y[3S.B#T%)P#!.SN\L\
[.[RSPSL[O+/#E6VDC_HS
M4F]&3P%QI/Z


4+NCCFQDMTIQM!*7OMO\AN/ON0'6I?_[/)$G.RW_&)&M4=]L;=M6W+)-K

MDYS[WR7D[/]@(.
=W[ZEXWJWA^6I[UJ:VK







;^Z1*#[ZSS3TG

B^0Z
MGLL

M$-%%$J):.BE*5YW.A$'FN4VP&FU


.$2Z*2D

M/ON^Y;/OA_GL3RV?_:G[9Y%YBTX``@*'5QT





M
?3Y8KQ
M_?4+1EY9<$=9B2!_5B=D]W.9\7)VF(4VB,LTM%L*VX/$.PX\;!QX+Z)\;9,.
M,#).0IEK^HXFLL(@DE;NZYE,'K)2E)+0W=;</0!?2\;7DGE&)K]P-=0\P_?
MQ




MZELW%%MTD:8%$MWK(3C]M)
BC.Y
Z02XBWJ#[M#IA%QA($-W`G4#J+:_HSN6

32M=F)ARYBL-6A7

6:
Q'%\37';$Q



U/





0'
M-[\)1&&=[5D]G=]LS^_)/?LWR1DE_&C+-ZW[WH&75?N:7T_T321[))YKF
M2]F98&1

(
EES,X5253330M
MG9R!*8^P21I=\T_K+CA87Q<A!G/"8SJ#:$W7WJ=G8-3S\%Q,4PU5KVQW$'O
M-J%H9_(9V[MATQG/E`]3.C(]WY4[T?U?M37Z4?U;@'\)G-';@%O-G=D3]%2
M=T=J&.^@88W4$JZE[8_4Y*UC`QBI;=N`*HDP)JD/)CES3*X#F[$]AKFAK[2B

.4W`P]OWF6B29M-E

[[TX75SRR_&&



M_EG^+L&@T]4^L+(*!]]
\JC




M4U2'E[B+FFDL95LI+
W^.$VU^2]%0LMBW-R1]AC/-5&.EM%7
I&CRK*-^!
M

MIS

KK`
M`C`ZN=Z+K@`C`FN1*(.P^IUU)@]4WTXUL#A6&J5%MWA9TH\^(=NI-6@Q6:

MKE+B'9E)X1T
I

:9\5EV'



S:N@VR&-073EL'ZSH_
M\'2NS(0)ZN,PXR')A.8K(5[2R@FYSRZUJW0RF]%7'KA1A%3`^Z'$-(M282T
M?Q


J9*-&%XIFH..C1G=
M5DK'P=$PI\'NV'^E:`[JJ++`_3)

;-]NEZLMKO


M]GFO/X(3F/


MV5M'&B]:T6.L,4EP^\T&6EL
5'@\]-T.6[L
7#P1RWZ-)HV.*HQC
8=
DW
MAN81X






?G0QB.+R93/^'S.`S'M^ZY]O%Y)6QS
M25ES`=U%#GP2T^45&SJE7!?%


M1E3#EG8:+T=@%:8
EZ
XV^S^^6O



MBC





MFGR4Q/^_?_MV!_:8E456#TF0A2/0JA;?AHQOOIMBGZUEQM8Z
F;:@I-RX`.
MA^1`JY(TH6NO/FQTA3XS5\N6%BN:5HL4KX%%7&QO4J7+%L+J^%`4Y3;:VK*
M:+^V-:6F33AQ(JF3%GFGJJ(N9*8M.555
;

`+J+\T^#



MK*C/SJ6K*'*&DZ.M9?%'_@L6?EJQ)*)9+M9FODPC%D:5CHPNC4
$G2Z./[9Q
M2!BS6QZ51F=T@507N2UU_9?3B#ZB;
[.+XTJY!X%IQKX+T!X=CK7+?%1)1L0
MH]?+AE_3N
CO[G_5N73H_L;

=+Q
M#?ZA)7V/:-IN%H'V:?%Y_APP=/]#'N'/]*]]4O\8T.OH4\^`@)/=_BJ8F=8


5!^-Z#

IGP#HNQ#6D\%!RAL'1SA=FY`667I=&UTLUTDX7T)]:B#B@

A]LE]RH-
QKD](+*_UZEBS#
2AI=B:WA`7:&VV`+.'L6


OS!T$ZYX]G`&!]
R.?T=R'C[Y=0O/6FS/V]/'



RD0S[

MMKC]QU@R3:F\E]74J!Z_IH6VW12X%L$HI^U@E-/';;W![/!P+NAIS/\QFQ77

^O


C_*


M)7$YKPNR'SS4TPACZ!NEZ*;&B`XR_Y5(VB%Y77^?GY5K5B7P!4WPX^S^3;QX
M_';)LO.





M.#/D&D.S




MY7D#_C$25/9GHLJ5ZSIPVF;GF#@M;V$)2Y_X:*PG;U.#'=G8BCH)NM]N:ABS
_`CH
M#L#-;TI,'&?=ZN:HP7,<F!D]TZR(^3@^C10FZFV(#:(\ZM!9P:$CRJCB0@;P
M8[QP.[)$;VM6




I0[\#
M^[@]:#._66A4(2:6L


M9?9%T)M'7\UOFCXJQMARQ]8

M+O=L.%VT?FIQQZ'L\;87;R(PUGP)MAJN)/R&)V!)_FI^ZY5'I1Q=JWQKFI\C

M;[0&U.U5Z`7=9#2



MA/J

#A[9UO/S]Y=_WSUZWLO.W]+/*R?9[?K

FQFMLM<8.@H<4@@`F2&1%
M58EW4119_%@6HMX;$[\[@]HEMS)2?)%E?)0[`]O

M6\4&P!MS=)`6G8C4KJ1
P1WJVZ`W.):'R?X
#M#$V*/S8!-S*._JFJ#7+$B_



-VX@;BE038[CM^E


Q0HG.K8S?UL]ASEG/E3VL_QYA'5_D[I*Z-]F];WQH`
M)`0$0NUJOY:?

M^6:5WK:^-VJB]!+!-.2?).24/H%3$*G@/M]0](U]OU+[S1\B
ZL^!)_EK?#0





<*^M.%Q?&
K+/.\)


1
M0GH?8U


96Z&R%U
M;;\S5[O$/E7








Z1071?0X0#NZ(:/QXK/C=L
ZIRN%V6Q





MC\#`J+]QSA#K?8-A?\$GRJS92WBNI%


$C`.1GYJ?&DC&:.;J
^]E(PM$+OD.#-S
M..J




J::8K/M?^

*V0O!D.1


?]2BL


N#+TLV2S]_^B]:Q+_#WK'T]NS*M
M!B@2ON9Y`@5PP-[3P=6E_!#H.Z?##*!C)+6L6$J$S8AM/\8;/A
MJ*UK\\K;ZNMV?'2R

MO1JH(]&N0V6)/U1YFP;)R2Z?4Q7.]
+A$(Z'S(M-7(6MAKDJ?$:6R@K(IBRJ





\@6C[C)=
D@H/Q2I62
MKRA4'`M$0F384K(&9$Z3/JYQ5MN;JNE.3?7.*TJZ#*K!+21;'B8;9KZR28

1-0X;


!^N%


B?<A1/.7--A6W(1_OQ.
M

MX.;`0GB]25`_.6C\9!EX-!#?@*1XG$&[KU[KJ@*'E[0KBR_#03O_FAB@WY

#-C%]G''N]Y\]
M/.!-++%U
9'P








M`Z60;]_03?7M


M\B0A0UNJO_1





ME;%`CA

:9&P2
!UQ

MFDO7VR.KM+J[J5K5ICI$?=Z=@IE1\]KIT!$/%9U*Q'4`]WJ=,0QR@O(D]9[
M/,!Y0FJD$`6PPTH`+.QEKT4ZN.7MV.77?BS&E$E$++
?_
(#X)W\FJ%2VPJ

D(%Z6ZDF()Z]-
MCN5E:&O40L;K(6;2.#.5G;'TK.QT&=M448M48:BW^
E=_



$[DDZ3S%7BNK](_!TE)
M;Y;G+`6;%18HED)MJ&QOMVGOAD8ZQ!A]DP@[
?(F(=0V2US)8_)+`XD(+(9G

]IJ+R(!=^;8H7G)S@4+1G$=:O%!N08FBVEQ*P)`PH:@L


M9
:;/6Y)L-DD6_F@@B/F'^5%')(E!?DEXK5%R:?OMMTC%RP5CH--1N'?U9]$





J='L

ML[TBAM_+)J(U5;P:'

7+DA.O(X($

FF?$SB4

#.5NUOIU^
]]/

8Y;=9E4$C\S\



M1[JT7&9)%L_X`!'908)3406*`K\K+//.6XJUA*0^6GB?/>BL011!'NB"`Z
M1`@#`NP]S$&TKC(CPS`U


M;U:9:(T
*+



1JPWTJTI(([V3QT


M8PG_Q[_`[I3]/3M+A=T/`94/VR1'F


M14`K$;3R7_OP6:)TLF-/TQ3\'&HWZ)8Q1_9BM-J#MZ+D2%CFZD.8X'QR%I:+



`@@(/40






R=3?+BA7;P-HXL)OU



R34R;4=0BCD3:_2#[20)2?.1-9^;O-V)R%3^P)7M6&H
M9R=7:



MZ2K/2QI=B&S&




M[O?W:WU3:&B3.CY$4)]4




BOJI*70V44+%+&GWF$;G:/BU`Q^RRLY`@PHLD
MZ/+UQ+N-;'%.,(?#Y+CR65]NG+$,P^H?8JN@C1*PO4#4$Z(PR)#4HR

MX#&AQ'=B8(UQ8'CAOJZ-]))E2QH7)1_;JX.ZTX87W0%*GC;2#D2O92/M@.YC







M[(54Y*`^^I&


M
\RIP^-

BV\+4^;[^!\R:[UNSIOKU7QY^

MX/HZIPCBE$;O@BR-TZ=\$7++L!1F'5_0X[!W653_$'V!
T;`OMDN$1!:0?!T
M8:


2
V6_\R@RQ![4@R##&'63Q:*(%

JTX^5!)W9/F16QF1TV*U06




M.(F%C;5?-ED\'1CR\-HB@UP&3




J6Z5_AP]I+#SW_/_XG_.K&FQ


J:Y#+_RK/2QI=E'!:D&4Y11G/7/RQ


.G,C,G
M]8G6SB5CT6W&HC(L\@<:KE*6L*=M_UV_2GN,+3/4K^T%6B3FCC94<=?_9OE




M01)S(SN-@\N

OY

M

M4T73SPW`D









+^P]@JQV3Z0U]U*Q&U;L)L!N
M$U7JX?IK%L

'

:(F\#?]TJOUH#0%
M'*)49A`]PR_;5M5

MX70A\X=
@R.3!\GGS5#P2JKMW?VO?HJXZH^)IENI0]#STUH^4.^6?(
KX+0B

MO'GS%KQ8



-M7:O;NVU?2O+=[ZU



E8


MP2N3GP!B

M
BZ-62P70T7X3`R
MT/

C'TY_5#31\'MX::Y






$,3/.`'I4A39/%.0)0K@+<V7?EU@


(^HK)8BTIFYK`&4J*
MKNYCSS_TW


A/#:IASA+G3I'O82`CS+%^MIH^#0:H:HG;LI]D_



&FZ.GD#=W5K/Z5??87CTY(R*




U4G9UNH:RPD1:
2+
M_`8/V0$B'WU'*:
&B)F0NN/8M?4F85M*[VGV'(=45%DZXZ?
Z)RMP7$C?#@?
MF#5:+1X;(H?X!+[_;?(8/1!U;\%RWN:





V*@@'&=:





N;)5239^E]
?@60^T[_`.
X?X=O+H0``B






KFB:Q\]T



M![VYLN




4!\5UBPKS3
N2;

M:^K.]3)@I
_!#Z

MUQ.M_WZ;Q6'?%8L?$

MC*]^_*`F4GK.-*.GG4EI)-1A^HB_LE7X9]ZR\+H$ZR/PM?ZJ(WTUBZ\Z2UY6
M7IL21RR[`LX7MM@BII_)E18[PC-;9GNS8;)4
BKC#:_2O

M.'V2*3.QZZM!TL[SZJI#G

MY5VJ^4)$6R:SRR^
6'&


?;5*1(_?TR?\#]#Y9

$.[
3[KC+=!-GXB//


4?



!XSS%9C`5VF5..GGC+T4JSO.=V?DQ9QQ8B(^YLB/[:GX


DZ3%#H0PM]M5+


6?SH7[MAV6G

6XB.@]#C%(*0^8D[

;N.U^6?

M_)3&RS@


M3-1





MO[ON(
37$LN@PHN/``8[


]V)6
$M!1'20RSKE54)?#]ED<;N=
MJ9!:/LA7MQE[CB
:G6U_Y8O.5=K4/5J$XCXNIO6=&__=#5^[9:VQGNEKIE/D
MG)Y&W-5$GX82



M\@0T8;/KZ8'CUP`BI?QE$
(SM.U@.?BAIMCH_HXNK;_D$C1)3=1OC?A!F3(=

_E?=#]_/T;(H$?Y(23
7SD.A!WS:Z


MW-W_BEHFW2D#PA]5@R
!'O&,10^EDZXB_L__](?OWO[KGT2N74^!4P/*P=0E]NHW_DN6+6E<E%GO

3/R94
MUCRZB/
P83E?9Q_HY^*
T__4LRKA.IF8S5.-F'5_9H5&W/?O\!`)B.P0D8^`


M8H9]8+!7!
EB#6![%%;IF\D/`#OZ=O_JKP/$M*=^1KB:]KY/0#@A-0BBPI;U




:2HHBV</7Y<J_
:@
ZE9E8(O=L

M))T9U=ME(I@Z.2RW+1AKEP)JU^I6$KS3$YV]F3QZJK.L-&Y7::@`F/(U:_N!

M




+UN`RT__@@[%W?
?8S440V%T1?





U`^$W?UEL8M9IK?7\55.;#WJQ


MBM!-PD]NA&XLTS

M^GU]6%P4118_EH6XWBD8X5RVF50;)TO+5Z_.

M

MJC9[G5JO-L)@1=JD[$GWLRSXG3+LTMQ!H3T2CSRR@;4?I5Q4^Y7)'G7'GE-
MF+/WR&ORX]0C;UW6V'/;ZZU\A9UE)ASEDX9SXH7Z;W$:Y;3HOU/O;(Y5M_K





;[]`IRJYPAW[Y^#90%X^Y

M2O


CV+-PZ



K(/:1CYAK1\/A
M78O#@ZI\)R0I&?ZRQ-A6,3!8V9C#D-OWEBS]]&-(9Y^`/\`-/OA];TX[_Z
MRS5]I)W(IJTHV[!0`O-:=31D_77$.2'H^Z@

8\I2,3FL$N:=_0IAFN-
MM/@0K`_MUK%F`7HZLYZM0@Y_CNB!*@Z5X1!23)5\=A7B7


M$;.M8RTT)$@A56X+#]D!(A]]UZI`#A(S(WFW6BV.R+(Z
$0L#AXL!]LB=;2S


-*P;1DY



MP_P@[

M%10R(_;PJT&PAFM*6`GD.:A:!EK


M-1X2R'!1N)-:\C^\??
_?_/FF720/?[FP=


0Z\4S3DI[4Q/=#C6GA
MH^3XR#QD&J


M/7AD7)LK+GY;\4Y!D_DOL@VKIL-7D(/DNS=_DHW$/][^Z6MN.A&6-G/)UNSS
M

P<F8QS<^V/U/VE`4;
M;H`L
AJ
18PZH(CV;5E#9M\[)J'#OE6!)Z#(I(:_



M8Z*:6CHU2/@2

M[FE$KY/S6$Q&KN
6:32Z(0RWQ%_1'?;HZ+(.WI!-WRU




MZ?Y:RI='^0.[HR%.*$?:'#7J]9SG]_'N2KVXP]QQ&-SK:_YC2Z2F\V%.R.
M]&G!5XYGX5@9J2IEDQ2Z')YY2-8SKNXPPXU25J
F*06WMXRP9N)?(4=.-A5T

MC03OS;#&)


U6E:3Y4ZG.@:7^`.4D
]NWE;-`@!


M*\K/T]`8#!BY$/&%*FF=J



+W.&[UW7FY*+


^%[\L!?
!U$'W$0ZLJ&H
(6M/B_-[

MXH5-_$QON:!YF^]'5ON1]NBUOJ=?-RM]0YP`=0+D)R[SQMC!+?*2K;AA:P-L


6R
ISPP1
M\FK\/.131X\?B-S_J'8L/

$8E&\IV%6M$\%8=#.4%-T1QR7\3R6`KX6-.6BR2+W0(
M<-;TKCH@:PD30KWJ?[,=-!]6M9]%D<U@T&T<@7_2/`+_9.D(_)/?(_!/AH_`
M:';L'8%_FLL1^%%!H_`G8)T?MH(*8UR*`)RSI*$BBPB-TOQ2'2T#++FU_A3









M+OCL:@)=C2[*%O$Y7=PM\&&]WI3`'7W;(!.K7\22)
ARL+#EVN!P(9R%$!&7
WAK8)M_



9`+DH/#KQE







M5IV`2-KD1?#^2?W()B-[./=;JLC&GB/5A
8S.\/E[QGT?9#011J]#XH25KN;

-

H-T_1V]U#G*]B%7


WLPF&]B
MAW8\A`.$9^(='$!HP3-H5!Z6O((UQKU&)Z2=M
G;XE_SWY.6-Y#@EAY^@J

MJMFXF)F^[#SG5_\SS0L:.4FD/D+*1\;T'DCS?GL[C-UY`FYC
D0G.Y^0Z_RD




CINW/HYG90.G@X7#\LO@5'O9/C





MJD&'I5T)F7595EB)!+O7(@=_91
NU'@OY^2T1



MF=H!_GAPZ\4_&?/VO


@
M3G-XI:R9%/'X$Z
OE?TE1ZS?*L\K16*'N$??*T])E6CZ(')90OZ7]_P(OR[7

-W`U$
5A14RS7/)`;ZGGP\F8#!Y4E%PB053B*!U@E!9/7Z

]#V?6-


8C

&7''&G$HSP)3G0

7N&&@7[AE&-


MB!TH9DCZ$Y?^FR127_U'&V





#K3;C#W'$8W.MK_F-+I*JSBF





S
$;J?U-4N?H*X2G'JK=:=G[@ZT1$[0CAZM


MSXQ%+W&2+-+H*BVX8&-^6)+S]);QL]-V[%BBWP%ROJ@3LF[154A$%-8.2[60
MGQ`)AWRL_NO[.(

IA9)S!(]3'


M.S-[!!\AZMG?/(+.H$O9N!P0D[&_7)\HCB3@$8F/-`!%PW%AN/5$J*KRN.=!

M@L
/X#H5P.9JNTT:0F9R7&:Q
^IM?7;V-L^;E\'=29\3Z:N^+X*LF+`)%;N2












M;@..XTZ0G)F(.GD4_
X^YJ1WOU

Q.5?4&ATV2N.L5M
:BF'=@_`/TFMG7
ML?W%LJ$\.\U3$#?3EZ'C`-AP1:














R_DC










ARUU
%^B57)V4J_FF

6%YFH^?FD=;H[:RS5]NS



#43Z





J/%N*Z@=IZ'


M-#?8%AM
L?N-@1L6*].2E:<4:0?(\H$+
*5OIB9.Z^K;M5+E
K4_@P:'TIT
M?1XKE`:LDLL2<.DD2(A-I8)!%37*`F'252%XM!HT=/M$0L&

($L:N;+KBL




8
M)PA_X(,69F*A.@AJ]7BV
ZPC3%Y3\\Z]WG32QO-61^/HU(K+Y/#09='9+P
M&5]UB

-2);IB<MQ^B+.'DL+SFH&:*K)\:#BJ3R3:A
MT4#7UC



M17+EUQ^`K)M*!#!!$@2(PDNWHP+(.3_B

M_?@#2B





/D:YJO4(1G&

M2.4H^LL




F
+^XHNWC#Y)PJSRS2^H

8_FT+)B%


\$I+;Z$RZ;]+AHV#(E_D*2D@DE6?T/^8N2
M&X;(/U&2_)^4/*?W*


M'0R8#0N
Q[NQXR%51


M(J

MATFT-YY.DH0\
\*N2'9!RL=B5B:3*)4*,WO4(3P$[.(;1WCFVUU3.&MQ
?
C=S)\APZJ!7.+1DA4
KJR6GX))75G=-P32JI4*?AHE37R`:R

;%.9H






ME)+:-&9X4MD!
9V]^

M=+S!3)^S




J/4
MT3A9-KDKL(%5T#FGBN8R`36CCFQ[LD[G54*\'IBM.ZI1ZM7#3!%0&G8T95



:M8EWE;E`Y

M0DX5R0PM4)I3


MQBP/5)'OIW:V'5?VE#+W1-7WX$J8G:\K?-)UA=ML%*!'Q96SMO59`G9&NW*6

M`]@W56:A\D5MUPF,98K;NFBT&5U\CGDT./7[00J.[)`+1?_NVC=[6*:P,B-
MOL.3ZUZ!8E/K9*E5H%#N(;
@GH7K#;)S`&=$:!M)O.6(F#FD^PQ@V0[P8B`
M93B-(O#PCAE1]@P&6[-K2W00^'LS:/\#%B/D9




Q^3
MS:_A;


MLCS[Q4?X^`@?#1$^7?PE0\;X?`AR5MYB01+Z$?(J%:)8;\D!1OD(GS%(G`^`
M@DZ1/A?T)HD*DN55+9#IBM'



$2H

M]=L5
`-LV.OCQUJPP$H[GC%7
*N
@RC



[*`6PL)-;RHT<N]&DW
M/KNR'[M)03(?EN1H+RK'^(\=`4#'PWKHV$U1,.V]!0,&0C[2QC1]5JYB\G
M#1+JVO1*6&SKH=





F3Y)
A']T$262YQU;_A!A7TUH+2!I^F@4@X




M)*/-D'^=TLNPK`RE_




`
MM[HKX=?R`TYF1'/EF!+P25HYK
9X5TY0:3<
M]BNT?+`;#?GJ$)N*7%D57Y))W^(*QH6Q-X`C.9U129K88+I#QO+[YP6V$B


4R5CTSF&V#


M%@N2B0L6B0?;0+RD)I9XN`T
2/K;RR?8PH3BE[A_-V.*KA-%S+%VPC;VJRH
M#L#AY)_E!G.8QR][K;99
22S_(F3V_RM*AH$3T^ZD`#`;Z-8PR2*CQ/.*.\
M

$Q'X-H5^`F#^@D
M^M]I@=


:-

CN<IW=-12/\=UCV_*'7!
MBB28Q=SL_@%7]E2?J%OE:T=/Q[*AV\8Z_0+26_+QX15P%BNPI2^Z):]<
V3


2K


M-3P[5R'._@B3$GU&(1-+V4TN4U;SS?(XG2VLXX



8:_L8


-

M_







M@2)9O3E8/$7UM:?[/QQ\=3AL)HDR^C%VA\MMN&8WZ.0YS.+[@I)7&PQR!D!]


MY5VPVB125&8&M



M3_)JGE?SO)KGU3QM:A[@\O`:GM?PO(;G-3ROX?7OZFLG#PZI\GV@-P8E8$$2











Z8?.\R!'\^J'#*U(5G67;*5NJCQR$&53G2`]JJ8*
M'2!%4YTQKV:V5#


9R9;5+C];;WY4
WW<Z^.]Z^.:!6A7=IM2B8[V


MJ.J_PU$TC(H\-#\P+?I06
LI'W/R]9&F/'RGOV#?:/W!^(9_=._+BD9Q;I1
M*^3]W%9^A))T@^9A4K^X07D0C%`AC&-QF-1?)K\-UVPWWZ&$26W=-?3;_09
M+1]1UF0[4)C6(Y%W*$+XJ0V=L)E]D(KR8H$*'-W319Y&0MK$0_L@9H7).:$;



=Y!


+&)

M+G1[D%GQS'9('%<<\!8D9*I1UNC=2I'/JF5VA_-O9RB-%E2Z^29<I-!I-CT

5T=A\F
M'/.W=)P)DDMV+ZRHR+G^$B[%FX`_U`#A&W/&JX4@1AXVRQP[E0K`KK`%7DD6
MD7S&\&QLR]%M(NXYI!^-

TTR=H537*`;





(`




MCVW
U#8
'5*^1#3'EXWQ96
DA3B:B1U7


!PN
M6TT`(/2Q%Q7G@$HPNFN;(_VEPNL`(T8(0^VHV00B5MN5_4E5L&QO)V6P&+









MV#I4N
J4H#


M$[I'5![`3$BX_!XE98QB)I_7MV$%P72V/;'H(JQJ14^63-)H#Z0[0KNAZMIP
EUP*$F<\/L#JH356&&$O5Y5

LYRJ`_S7BT?V0



M&2LJ*MH&322K/:'7CT^%=I+&H#-'
K078MC2FNS75D&BYI:DT.&]$76F1I1P

UR=<_4/



M*Q8.B/QSY52&(0**2W+E%(9!`@GZ`2



ZV#1V


TPRXI
2#!/MDQ)&
MZ?3T20D^S


MF.H0V;=\DL;5?[`[1VQ``



M9X[1[P3CIGDNC1.



EX761\5R?HX



G-N[MT
@V$F$%W'N!1;C7I..'9V%;)+JRG*'X@3R$WYD\QC1L

MA[)XDM%%TD#9@9JEP
_!+)


MD=4?X#



_]1H;#:5IJQ

KJ2ZRY=(8IBLBNXR(^/MHY25\Z6%OP?-G02
M!-6YLH:4;^3F0&!7*O:HP]%-7K

MLOSHD0M]VEV0KNS';E*0+'+0E6I0O*L?$I+K@:^(E:+D@,*]N\3+)(U5.#7
M9;2ZNXY.\&:6L`





K&)3&#;_3S





+
M3:BH


]PGE&;5NDS#F-4TI@


\1I\&W


M2





MY(BHK=81#0[/^



BS?EX6S+'=E+&#X]`T?UFF1EW3T


M26DJDU3VY-[X;73WJV+\8X3$-^P^+&`8[:$WD]KUEL3O6:G'[`
Q)FL:#G

M/N
40J$P)J@2=)R#-+JH<R^7JF4<;HI947.*H2US-QIQGAV.%)

MF.+!-A`OZ74K'FX#`ZPTA=(7.)Y@Q.*7\*&WMSTJ$HWQS*'[H,1)C?MPWI


P<J2:/\590
#





M/@6C-/ZZ:WUY`
&0N5.

8AV54_S
M@$ZB_\WDYCFB^EGGU+J63Q\DUZX3;9V2[T:4CK2IR3E-;TLJF5`E=%\CMS%+

2=]W*'W8H_BVVY-]+[X5JHFU#1[X2<:TI2Y0FZU=15
MGQ-TIW66W$_-RZ9B(1C2$/;VIP`M5PE9(Q3DX1/]?K51J*XX5XU;T6=UM8AU

MRT

MLF&$-Q%[$[$W$8_!].=-Q#U8_SC'ML`O&:/@&Y25\R_8O[Y0H\K_'L?B0T^
M$LLSV82;ALBNL*]]QUY_N6R4^06=2[_:6$W0\]6?!.T&'5+^6X$$]
&^#
MQS*GQ.=YD*-Y]4.&5B1C0;E=W2YMGCV


M^W




2^R
.*%RRG-]9JO



R



M2@6IZXGC=







MYJ'@DY)]4K(//01U\)![\UT!1
SJBT8XRF$!KFP?
$;PH#-7@IH[0`.(7=-7

6$YQP#0_'!$2C`D1U@9'YQ!!EEBR@8H5^5JZP0UB_.


M*R(R


M5DU(=


MTT=

X2L#^JP@+Y?+
%NS
MWW(\3S$];4/ZD+V+K.VC2N28;M!3%.2E:P
D5%@MC:K!69SFJ#;YHY;
MCJ&M+`V3.4Q73N8[%1*=
^19;QM\G;L)M)`&:2-('6+LJID[T5-[1%JP-%&
8EB%B@<



MT6=9U)C9





VABIK/4#6X#]S1=10


@*N.
T%)/P_]=Q#CO)I
M_RL*\T4PHP)8L0Q2MK&9(Z$F]$6DM&&1:?HTEVSH[JCT:YT^QW%X\C]`Q[?
M0\SHT6NVA7DW%A0J=C\7R)TKDZ0UQ'LI






/*OYDO(6V
4`
O1%3#$K))V$J8KUK36XBHZY8T)2PZDG!

WHH
M/RC`]#\L
;^CL<C1
V
MV608XH0U'&
^

M)G/PL0?
L(8-H9$.-

1^SD8:O_
M:XJ+_.[^JXPA^1QO#6[#`DKH

?JMG

MT


MLF]CH!N)

M9`XK+@)2+%#6\/=VCH$.;QC$@-^9/CVQXQW(`MF@.K
]:



M









$4?

&K5N?2[S



!SJ












E3=82(/P!@QO!L?`Z_LPP_

\J=R#[VS]0(D16$$59EK$5J4FJG+T8I)%S/#=&I`I

\$X]

M`


OJ[(S1WA:?##

ML]*J745ES/R.L@CG[


M[&


&K(_$9XOJ-`U

M#9F!3:WX=EO@K?Z:3\IB03+FC_G*FNG=L_N_YHNI4OG9^@4/LN@QC6\:%6RO


MJG







I7`!(?(?H#)
MC7)'-=XPBQ;T^KA`3R@A5=$!

V?(I/F+??
2^'F*/3/:U

&`*LOQ8UFC?*\U'!RXS#ZZU=8]\@P.H[,BOD*0.1PMRQ/P
M6@$%*V&`^2BI`\*WSZM'$Y8
H$KACTIMP?(=/#3NF+?ZP$NF`]_H
PS6;F_
V;TT]T1)%?IW1C8G*<D=+GHRWAMUZ,UU47UIYLE+C'A9A^C+%%<5;PH^.

MNL8Q!G)(Z;U
U@@=%#YJ[

0D-4:4D'SA6!\N/V2_F$O9`7A%
5Y*PO9]H9;T^4]D[2=R<Q]](57T`++P

M-B5


%A7'EI@X1N^XJ9
M1R@(PL9=`:&9Q9?5RF1!W*YD
4JQ`


M.LBJ.-\TU#`U66]
C+76&@^NE#HU=@4V1@9KJ([J(JIZTQ[UE5\M4)8CFXZ(
M`4.8--9J'2VJ^KQ!KM5Q-79


M[HZA;'#




#Z^_0V%R67TL]ORW?!J$`WL@Y`%E2_9D





K($\[I

M8NYX33DG^PDZ?Q3UZ!-T[[12^4[0GZ-HP-#HN+'5&JQF$G$E3@&&30_*N+[3


M+-


#TLG!:/=H:8.Y0


M%(N&#D_XIIU&_D`FT;]+G%ZR-$KO5C?4OFV8/7OZ%]7;`B''?4'&/:@SZ





M0%19_#]E?5JRJ[:9QDJ;X;*E.-].%N\7]'2IC*7G9
F.A6I5W[&%EN


H$

TY)



C



4(HO
Z



M0
01+B;M#=-R;L-

XH/L4ZAJF6

;9IL_[

OF/L.MC'AP.5-1`5(%2.6$:9UOV



M*
1JVRR$I;;$D\SRDY$(H3AGUK5SDB0HJCTJ1XH_CS'8;)/&JT
2MS&TT]E!




LUJG`BK[X







M?KG9JF5LQW$F3B6S)7_-^LJ.?;:SLV];$`E)N*$`#4C:UO[UUPU^B@(_)$(C


M%];[H^-3^^AG^^3(MG_Y\N:[GWUG0J?$@OJX_]D1(0_D_.O!)`AFGP\/WX;2

V9
MZ.DQ19.!\1?J!_HL49I&&H_QW]
LKZ^O[U0V(
E#XM.4G+M.2NX1
M:'WGG2.F6/#IT6E6+?,\?6LJ3





MSC*OC9'\*-]$*2H+_K*3?*B3$]3)NLV@

MUP

M2U-8P#
06`S6)S!_!6IQ8;O=4_L&JPX2\+YC;V13E5M1Q8F._[XTW5\B)B

U6D]J3I[Q6H48<\(K.B0T82&Q<S\7B
M3:G]?7.U6S\]+/#PEQX'2E'I9]\6(TB:0L43RGWV0F$4AM^T/1@:U&$*$2=5
MB$@3?$N
(G'!PS]R$
MM8GOK^O]*BW


Z?6#5J^?


M3XN10Q%
T


H7G


OCV..@I1^P/4;:UFP*/_J0O5:NR!Y=FW/^
MN#0@S(/YA+X%(?&ZY9DJ



VQHD
M`EL@L/6$`H-1H016A5W&`B?9L][4]R+S\)/TA?*0VD1*//L5+3TZV5$J.375





MQI5?.VJ[)86ZTXU0=_W-NF[S8WM.]O/UA75)_ZN46?6L/[G)N6^N[3F778

T3


M/N^-(YTV/
''`973!=VTUK&^5%.:/M-U_531MG4K\`0L5+^H^5[C2ANC
(#^



22.M&JQ4V/EP5-93]L
M708[)@J/4\%CG-3(.F:7VFD*





@B
H@\LCD$8B7AUR^ABPWB
M!XX`/G\C'JPS@J*P):E=%43'_O:93IG$@RC928
[P8.)-T]B%!*NZX@V.`
X

RI:E=%C+BY(]4I\2Z4QPK)L&



JQ_+F#
MK-.81YCAEW=M2E.[)\C?!^J*L7


M]SEON)I

9N4


MY$,(C_(LBS5Q+NRFOB?D#,A'V3L'8N$61P]JDFZ-SG=LA'Z[^BB%$M?MS_J
MW3).TR`ZXB@/2#YJ\$$5F`G0D'I[DU2E9.=2O$*!MO@A3`O=O@\3P!+&'14

M@I$PEK2@H$J2]25@
*:.J6R[_DC8NR/_)V2Z.B\ROY3:8BX2N&7X0F_J^5])

![@WK^-?1;
XF6


?2I5#['**85=)09A
^1+[(PZ!DML9
CXA/&



KMV&[!YE5@%MKUU?RP6/Z-LO$$$@91B.'5


M[


M&9\P6;ZG7)K:/4&TM[=V_]+6WQAW?5IDN_Q@VP+^3N:7M&%/?GSP`5)ZNFZ
M)USV7%CQX3!;R#'A\5EN&^PDIA[[RK\OI=YJS;T3YF=1*#:)7CO!_!F&(6'

M((ZL91L?'K
9MUWF*T+XY1!_8H^@


M+A0;QC2


MS1.8K*-'







M;B*0P!02P$'@
4`````!

4`````!

M_`$`;&YD8RTR
#$U
#4S

M`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`0C#_1I0V3[NQ;0``;P`)`!4`&````````0```*2!

M@2]]`@!L;F1C+3(P
34P-3


 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInRevenueGrowthRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInExpenseGrowthRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInIncomeTaxRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_RelatedPartyTransactionsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompaniesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionDeferredRevenue'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NoncontrollingInterestPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

