

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-17-014444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170528
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170811
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170810
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANDEC CORP \CA\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS
 MATERIALS
 SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				943025618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0529
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27446
		FILM NUMBER:		171022584
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3603 HAVEN AVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503061650
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3603 HAVEN AVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025









	
	







 D.C. 20549




		

			


			



May 28
 2017
 or

		

			


			











		

			


			


		

			


			





Menlo Park
 California 94025



 including area code:





		

			


			


		

			


			









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act



ding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

tronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained

 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ___


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a&nbsp;smaller reporting company

&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 


		

			


			

			

			

			

		

			


			

			

			


		

			

			
			

			


			





 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(



$297
199
000 as of November 25
 2016
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 based upon the closing sales price on The NASDAQ Global Select Market reported for such date. Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded from such calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.



 there were 27
506
712 shares of Common Stock outstanding.



&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement relating to its October 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which statement will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report
 are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.














		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			



 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			



 and Director Independence


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			















			

			
			




the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words such as &ldquo;projected
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;assumes&rdquo; and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are made based upon current expectations and projections about our business and assumptions made by our management and are not guarantees of future performance
 nor do we assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements after the date this report is filed. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for many reasons
 including the risk factors listed in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and the factors discussed below.



Landec&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) design
 develop
 manufacture and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets. There continues to be a dramatic shift in consumer behavior to healthier eating habits and preventive wellness to improve quality of life. In our Apio
 Inc. (&ldquo;Apio&rdquo;) Packaged Fresh Vegetable business
 we are committed to offering healthy
 fresh produce products conveniently packaged to consumers. Apio also exports whole fruit and vegetables
 predominantly to Asia through its subsidiary
 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&ldquo;Cal-Ex&rdquo;). In our Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&ldquo;Lifecore&rdquo;) biomaterials business
 we commercialize products that enable people to stay more active as they grow older. In our new O Olive Oil
 Inc. (&ldquo;O Olive&rdquo;) business acquired on March 1
 2017
 we sell premium California sourced specialty olive oils and wine vinegar products.

&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables and Biomaterials businesses utilize polymer chemistry technology
 a key differentiating factor. Both businesses focus on business-to-business selling such as selling directly to retail grocery store chains and club stores for Apio and directly to partners in the medical device and pharmaceutical markets
 with a concentration in ophthalmology for Lifecore. 

ing segments &ndash; Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export and Biomaterials
 each of which is described below. The results of the recently acquired O Olive business&nbsp;are included in the Other segment in fiscal year 2017&nbsp;because they are not&nbsp;significant to Landec&rsquo;s overall results for fiscal year 2017. Financial information concerning each of these segments for fiscal years 2017
 2016
 and 2015 is summarized in Note 11 &ndash; Business Segment Reporting



 as well as under private labels. In Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables operations
 produce is processed by trimming
 washing
 sorting
 blending
Brands International
 Inc. (&ldquo;Chiquita&rdquo;) for packaging and distribution of bananas and berries and Windset Holding 2010 Ltd.
 a Canadian corporation (&ldquo;Windset&rdquo;)
 for packaging of greenhouse grown cucumbers and peppers
 and to Juicero
 Inc. (&ldquo;Juicero&rdquo;) innovator of the first in-home cold-press fruit and vegetable juicing system. Juicero is using BreatheWay membranes to extend the shelf-life of packets of fresh fruit and vegetables.



rade sodium hyaluronate (&ldquo;HA&rdquo;) products and providing contract development and aseptic manufacturing services. Sodium hyaluronate is a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix in animals and humans. Based upon Lifecore&rsquo;s expertise working with highly viscous HA
 the Company specializes in fermentation and aseptic formulation
 filling
 and packaging services
 as a contract development and manufacturing organization (&ldquo;CDMO&rdquo;)
 for difficult to handle (viscous) medicines filled in finished dose vials and syringes. 


 2017. O Olive
 founded in 1995
 is based in Petaluma
 California
 and is the premier producer of California specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in over 4
600 natural food

 primarily in the United States and Canada.


 1986 and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation on November 6
 2008. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symb









 materials
 which are the key technology behind our BreatheWay membrane technology
 and (2) hyaluronan biopolymers. The Company&rsquo;s materials are generally proprietary as a result of being patented or due to being specially formulated for specific customers to meet specific commercial applications and/or specific regulatory requirements. The Company&rsquo;s polymer technologies
 customer relationships
 trade names and strong channels of distribution are the foundation and key differentiating advantages on which Landec has built its business. 





 permeability and adhesion when varying the materials&rsquo; temperature above and below the temperature switch. The sharp temperature switch is adjustable at relatively low temperatures (0&deg;C to 100&deg;C) and the changes resulting from the temperature switch are relatively easy to maintain in industrial and commercial environments. For instance
 Intelimer polymers can change within the range of one or two degrees Celsius from a non-adhesive state to a highly tacky
 adhesive state; from an impermeable state to a highly permeable state; or from a solid state to a viscous liquid state. 

ls are achieved through the controlled use of hydrocarbon side chains that are attached to a polymer backbone. Below a pre-determined switch temperature
 the polymer&#39;s side chains align through weak hydrophobic interactions resulting in a crystalline structure. When this side chain crystallizable polymer is heated to
 or above
 this switch temperature
 these interactions are disrupted and the polymer is transformed into an amorphous
 viscous state. Because this transformation involves a physical and not a chemical change
 this process can be repeatedly reversible. Landec can set the polymer switch temperature anywhere between 0&deg;C to 100&deg;C by varying the average length of the side chains. 

 synthesized from long side-chain acrylic monomers that are derived primarily from natural materials such as coconut and palm oils that are highly purified and designed to be manufactured economically through known synthetic processes. These acrylic-monomer raw materials are then polymerized by Landec leading to many different side-chain crystallizable polymers whose properties vary depending upon the initial materials and the synthetic process. Intelimer materials can be made into many different forms
 including films
 coatings
 microcapsules and discrete forms. Intelimer polymers are the coatings on the substrate used to form our BreatheWay membranes.



rapidly when packaged in conventional packaging materials and
 therefore
 are limited in their ability to be distributed broadly to markets. The Company&rsquo;s proprietary BreatheWay packaging technology utilizes Landec&rsquo;s Intelimer polymer technology to naturally extend the shelf-life and quality of fresh-cut and whole produce.


 vegetables and fruit continue to respire

 such as polyethylene and polypropylene
 can be made with modest permeability to oxygen and carbon dioxide
 but often do not provide the optimal atmosphere for the packaged produce. To achieve optimal product performance
 each fruit or vegetable requires its own unique package atmosphere conditions. The challenge facing the industry is to develop packaging that meets the highly variable needs that each product requires in order to achieve value-creating performance. The Company believes that its BreatheWay packaging technology possesses all of the critical functionalities required to serve this diverse market. In creating a product package
 a BreatheWay membrane is applied over a small cutout section or an aperture of a flexible film bag or plastic tray. This highly permeable &ldquo;window&rdquo; acts as the mechanism to provide the majority of the gas transmission requirements for the entire package. These membranes are designed to provide three principal benefits:







 Landec&#39;s BreatheWay packaging technology is designed to permit transmission of oxygen and carbon dioxide at 300 to 1
000 times the rate of conventional packaging films. The Company believes that these higher permeability levels will facilitate the packaging diversity required to market many types of fresh-cut and whole produce in many package sizes and configurations.

can be tailored with carbon dioxide to oxygen transfer ratios ranging from 1.0 to 12.0 to selectively transmit oxygen and carbon dioxide at optimum rates to sustain the quality and shelf-life of packaged produce. Other high permeability packaging materials
 such as micro-perforated films cannot differentially control carbon dioxide permeability
 resulting in sub-optimal package atmosphere conditions for many produce products.

 Landec has developed breathable membranes that can be designed to increase or decrease permeability in response to environmental temperature changes. The Company has developed packaging that responds to higher oxygen requirements at elevated temperatures
 but is also reversible
 and returns to its original state as temperatures decline. As the respiration rate of fresh produce also increases with temperature
 the BreatheWay membrane&rsquo;s temperature responsiveness allows packages to compensate for the change in produce respiration by automatically adjusting gas permeation rates. By doing so
 detrimental package atmosphere conditions are avoided and improved quality is maintained through the distribution chain.





 most notably within the aqueous humor of the eye
 synovial fluid
 skin and umbilical cord. The viscoelastic properties and water solubility of HA make it ideal for medical applications where space maintenance
 lubricity or tissue protection are critical. Because of its widespread presence in tissues
 its critical role in normal physiology
 and its high degree of biocompatibility
 the Company believes that hyaluronan will continue to be used in existing applications and for an increasing variety of other medical applications.


 either through bacterial fermentation or through extraction from rooster combs. Lifecore produces HA only from fermentation
 using an extremely efficient mi



 produced by extraction from rooster comb tissue
 became commercially available in the United States in 1981. In 1985
 Lifecore introduced the bacterial fermentation process to manufacture premium HA and received patent protection until 2002. HA-based products
 produced either by rooster comb extraction or by fermentation processes such as Lifecore&rsquo;s
 have since gained widespread acceptance in ophthalmology and are currently used in the majority of cataract extraction procedures in the world. HA has also become a significant component in several products used in orthopedics. Lifecore&rsquo;s HA is used as a viscous carrier for allogeneic freeze-dried demineralized bone used in spinal surgery
 and as the active component of devices to treat the symptoms of osteoarthritis
 and as a component to provide increased lubricity to medical devices. Lifecore&rsquo;s HA has also been utilized in veterinary drug applications to treat traumatic arthritis.





 when describing Apio&rsquo;s export business it will be referred to as the &ldquo;Food Export business&rdquo;.



$408 million for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 $424 million for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016
 and $430 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015


 California

 club stores and food service operators. During the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 Apio shipped approximately 26 million cartons of produce to its customers throughout North America
 primarily in the United States.









 Apio has launched a family of salad kits
 salad blends and single serve salads that are comprised of &ldquo;superfood&rdquo; mixtures of vegetables with healthy toppings and dressings. The first salad kit to launch under our Eat Smart brand was Sweet Kale Salad
 which now has wide distribution throughout club and retail stores in North America. Overall
 we are currently selling under our Eat Smart brand 6 salad kits
 3 salad blends and 3 single serve salads. The Company&rsquo;s expertise includes accessing leading culinary experts and nutritionists nationally to help in the new product development process. We believe that our new products are &ldquo;on trend&rdquo; and strong market acceptance supports this belief. Recent statistics show that more than two-thirds of adults are considered to be overweight or obese and more than one-third of adults are considered to be obese. More and more consumers are beginning to make better food choices in their schools
 homes and in restaurants and that is where our superfood products can fit into consumers&rsquo; daily healthy food choices.

 pipeline
 the Company has strong channels of distribution throughout North America with retail grocery store chains and club stores. Landec has one or more of its products in approximately 60% of all retail and club store sites in North America giving us a strong platform for introducing new products. The Company believes it will have growth opportunities for the next several years through new customers
 the introduction of innovative products and expansion of its existing customer relationships.

















 Apio has structured its business as a marketer and seller of branded and private label blended
 fresh-cut and whole vegetable products. It is focused on selling products primarily under its Eat Smart brand
 with some sales under its GreenLine brand and private label brands. As retail grocery chains
 club stores and food service operators consolidate
 Apio is well positioned as a single source of a broad range of products. 

 Apio has strategically invested in its Packaged Fresh Vegetables business. Apio&rsquo;s largest processing plant is in Guadalupe
 CA
 and is automated with state-of-the-art vegetable processing equipment in one of the lowest cost
 growing regions in California
 the Santa Maria Valley. With the acquisition of GreenLine in 2012
 Apio added three East Coast processing facilities and five East Coast distribution centers for nationwide delivery of all of its packaged vegetable products in order to meet the next-day delivery needs of customers. 

 Apio
technology
 is introducing new packaged vegetable products each year. These new product offerings range from various sizes of fresh-cut bagged products
 to vegetable trays
 to whole produce
 to vegetable salads and to snack packs. During the last twelve months
 Apio has introduced twelve new unique products.





lieves that hydroponically-grown produce using Windset&rsquo;s know-how and growing practices will result in higher yields with competitive growing costs that will provide dependable year-round supply to Windset&rsquo;s customers. See Note 3 &ndash; Investment in Non-public Company for further information&nbsp;regarding the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset. In addition
 the produce grown in Windset&rsquo;s greenhouses uses significantly less water than field grown crops and has a very high safety profile as no soil is used in the growing process. Windset owns and operates greenhouses in British Columbia
 Canada and in Nevada and California. In addition to growing produce in its own greenhouses
 Windset has numerous marketing arrangements with other greenhouse growers and utilizes buy/sell arrangements to meet fluctuation in demand from their customers. 



pio&rsquo;s export business
 Cal-Ex. The Food Export business is a commission-based buy/sell business that typically realizes a gross margin in the 5-10% range.

$62 million for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 $64 million for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016
 and $68 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015.

de. Through Cal-Ex
 Apio is currently one of the largest U.S. exporters of broccoli to Asia. Other large export items include apples
 grapes
 stonefruit and citrus.



diary. Lifecore had revenues of $59 million for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017
 $50 million for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016
 and $40 million for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2015.



 eye surgeries
 such as cataract surgeries
 will increase
 and other patients will increasingly seek joint therapy as cartilage and soft tissue deteriorates. HA injections are a primary course of treatment for such conditions and Lifecore has built a leadership position in the markets it serves. The World Health Organization estimates that by 2020
 32 million cataract operations will be performed worldwide
 up from 12 million in 2000. Lifecore&rsquo;s expertise includes its ability to ferment
 separate
 purify
 and aseptically formulate and fill HA and other polymers for injectable product use. In addition to ophthalmic and orthopedic uses
 there are other markets Lifecore serves including veterinary medicine&nbsp;oncology and drug delivery. Lifecore leverages its fermentation process to manufacture premium
 pharmaceutical-grade HA and uses its aseptic filling capabilities to also deliver private-labeled HA finished products to its customers. Lifecore sells its products through partners in the U.S.
 Europe
 Asia
 Australia
 Canada&nbsp;and South America. Lifecore has built its reputation as a premium supplier of HA and more recently as a specialty CDMO. 







&rsquo;s products are primarily sold to strategic marketing partners for use in three medical areas: (1) Ophthalmic
 (2) Orthopedic and (3) Other/Non-HA products. In addition
 Lifecore provides product development services to its partners for HA-based
 as well as non-HA based
 aseptically formulated and filled products. These services include activities such as technology transfer
 material component changes
 analytical method development
 formulation development
 pilot studies
 stability studies
 process validation
 and&nbsp;production of materials for clinical studies. 



 and has taken advantage of non-HA device and drug opportunities by leveraging its expertise in development
 manufacturing and aseptic syringe and vial filling capabilities. Elements of Lifecore&rsquo;s strategy include the following: 

 Lifecore will continue to develop applications for products with partners who have strong marketing
 sales and distribution capabilities to end-user markets. Through its strong reputation and history of providing pharmaceutical grade HA products
 Lifecore has been able to establish long-term relationships with the market leading pharmaceutical and medical device companies
 and leverages those partnerships to attract new relationships in other medical markets.

. Due to the growing knowledge of the unique characteristics of HA
 and the role it plays in normal physiology
 Lifecore continues to identify and pursue opportunities for the use of HA in other medical applications
 such as wound care
 aesthetic surgery
 drug delivery
 next generation orthopedics and&nbsp;device coatings and through sales to academic and corporate research customers. Further applications may involve expanding process development activity and/or additional licensing of technology. 

Lifecore has made strategic capital investments in its&nbsp;CDMO business focusing on extending its aseptic filling capacity and capabilities. It is investing in this segment to meet increasing partner demand and attract new contract filling opportunities outside of HA markets. Lifecore is using its manufacturing capabilities to provide contract manufacturing and development services to its partners in the area of sterile pre-filled syringes and vials
 as well as
 fermentation and purification requirements.

Lifecore&rsquo;s vertically integrated development and manufacturing capabilities allow it to establish a variety of contractual relationships with global corporate partners. Lifecore&rsquo;s role in these relationships extends from supplying HA raw materials to providing technology transfer and development services to manufacturing aseptically filled
 finished sterile products and assuming full supply chain responsibilities. 



. The Company acquired O Olive on March 1
 2017. O Olive
 founded in 1995
 is based in Petaluma
 California
 and is the premier producer of California specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in over 4
600 natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores
 primarily in the United States and Canada. O Olive had revenues of $773
000 from the acquisition date through May 28
 2017. 









&reg;
 Landec&reg;
 Apio&trade;
 Eat Smart&reg;
 BreatheWay&reg;
 GreenLine&reg;
 Clearly Fresh&trade;
 Lifecore&reg;
 LUROCOAT
 Ortholure&trade; and O Olive&reg; are some of the trademarks or registered trademarks and trade names of the Company in the United States and other countries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also refers to the trademarks of other companies. 




 located in central California and throughout the U.S.

 2016
 and 2015
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 44%
 45%
 and 46%
 respectively
 of its revenues. The Company&rsquo;s top two customers
 both from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 were Costco Wholesale Corporation (&ldquo;Costco&rdquo;) which accounted for approximately 18%
 20%
 and 21%
 respectively
 and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&ldquo;Wal-mart&rdquo;) which accounted for approximately 14%
 12%
 and 11%
 respectively
 of the Company&rsquo;s revenues. A loss of either of these customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s business.

upply agreements and also through distribution agreements. Excluding research sales
 Lifecore does not sell to end users and
 therefore
 does not have the traditional infrastructure of a dedicated sales force and marketing employees. It is Lifecore&rsquo;s name recognition that allows it to attract new customers and offer its services with a minimal marketing and sales infrastructure.



&rsquo;s sales are seasonal. The Packaged Fresh Vegetables business can be affected by seasonal weather factors
 such as the high cost of sourcing product due to a shortage of essential produce items
 which had a&nbsp;significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s results during fiscal year 2017 and 2016. The Food Export business also typically recognizes a much higher percentage of its revenues and profit during the first half of Landec&rsquo;s fiscal year compared to the second half. The Biomaterial&rsquo;s business is not significantly affected by seasonality.





products is comprised of polymer manufacturing
 membrane manufacturing and label package conversion. A third-party toll manufacturer currently makes virtually all of the polymers for the BreatheWay packaging system. Select outside contractors currently manufacture the breathable membranes
 and Apio performs the label package conversion in its various processing facilities.

ing facilities located in Guadalupe
 California
 Bowling Green
 Ohio and Hanover
 Pennsylvania. Cooling of produce is done through third parties and Apio Cooling
 LP
 a separate consolidated subsidiary in which Apio has a 60% ownership interest and is the general partner.



 California; Bowling Green
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; and Vero Beach
 Florida.




 separation and purification and aseptic processing capabilities. Products are supplied in a variety of bulk and single dose configurations.

rmentation process. Medical grade HA was initially commercially available only through an extraction process from rooster combs. Lifecore believes that the fermentation manufacturing approach is superior to rooster comb extraction because of negativity surrounding animal-sourced materials
 greater efficiency and flexibility
 a more favorable long-term regulatory environment
 and better economies of scale in producing large commercial quantities. Today&rsquo;s HA competitors are primarily utilizing a fermentation process. 







&rsquo;s facilities in Chaska
 Minnesota are used primarily for the HA manufacturing process
 formulation
 aseptic syringe and vial filling
 secondary packaging
 warehousing raw materials and finished goods
 and distribution. The Company&nbsp;believes that&nbsp;its current manufacturing capacity will be sufficient to allow it to meet the needs of its current customers for the foreseeable future. 

Lifecore provides versatility in the manufacturing of various types of finished products. It supplies several different forms of HA in a variety of molecular weight fractions as powders
 solutions and gels
 and in a variety of bulk and single-use finished packages. Lifecore continues to conduct development work designed to improve production efficiencies and expand its capabilities to achieve a wider range of HA product specifications in order to address the broadening opportunities for using HA in medical and pharmaceutical applications. 

&rsquo;s facilities and&nbsp;manufacturing systems periodically and requires compliance with the FDA&rsquo;s Quality System Regulation (&ldquo;QSR&rdquo;) and its current Good Manufacturing Practices (&ldquo;GMP&rdquo;) regulations
 as applicable. In addition
 Lifecore&rsquo;s customers conduct intensive quality audits of the facility and its operations. Lifecore also periodically contracts with independent regulatory consultants to conduct audits of its operations.&nbsp; Similar to other manufacturers subject to regulatory and customer specific requirements
 Lifecore&rsquo;s facility was designed to meet applicable regulatory requirements and has been cleared for the manufacturing of both device and pharmaceutical products. The Company maintains a Quality System which complies with applicable standards and regulations: FDA Medical Device Quality System requirements (21 CFR 820); FDA Drug Good Manufacturing Practices (21 CFR 210-211); European Union Good Manufacturing Practices (EudraLex Volume 4); Medical Device Quality Management System (ISO 13485); European Medical Device Directive; Canadian Medical Device Regulations; International Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (ICH Q7)
 and Australian Therapeutic Goods Regulations).&nbsp;&nbsp;Compliance with these international standards of quality greatly assists in the marketing of Lifecore&rsquo;s products globally.



O Olive uses third parties to crush
 process and bottle its olive oil products and to ferment and bottle its vinegar products.



&rsquo;s products are currently purchased from a single source. Although to date the Company has not experienced difficulty acquiring materials for the manufacturing of its products
 no assurance can be given that interruptions in supplies will not occur in the future
 that the Company will be able to obtain substitute vendors
 or that the Company will be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time. Any such interruption of supply could have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s ability to manufacture and distribute its products and
 consequently
 could materially and adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 operating results and financial condition.



th existing and new product applications. Expenditures for research and development for the fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016
 and May 31
 2015 were $9.5 million
 $7.2 million
 and $7.0 million
 respectively. Research and development expenditures funded by corporate or governmental partners were zero during fiscal years 2017
 2016
 and 2015. The Company may seek funds for applied materials research programs from U.S. government agencies as well as from commercial entities. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain its competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative
 high-quality products and services. As of May 28
 2017
 Landec had 61 employees engaged in research and development with experience in polymer and analytical chemistry
 product application
 product formulation
 and mechanical and chemical engineering.



gments
 and new developments are expected to continue at a rapid pace. Competition from large food processors
 packaging companies
 and medical and pharmaceutical companies is intense. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing capabilities than the Company
 and many have substantially greater experience in conducting field trials
 obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing commercial products. There can be no assurance that these competitors will not succeed in developing alternative technologies and products that are more effective
 easier to use or less expensive than those which have been or are being developed by the Company or that would render the Company&#39;s technology and products obsolete and non-competitive. 











 2017 with expiration dates ranging from 2017 to 2031. There can be no assurance that any of the pending patent applications will be approved
 that the Company will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable
 that any patents issued to the Company will provide the Company with competitive advantages
 will not be challenged by any third parties or that the patents of others will not prevent the commercialization of products incorporating the Company&#39;s technology. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop similar products
 duplicate any of the Company&#39;s products or design around the Company&#39;s patents. Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 operating results and financial condition. 


 in part

 the Company could be required to pay damages
 alter its products or processes
 obtain licenses or cease certain activities. In addition
 if patents are issued to others which contain claims that compete or conflict with those of the Company and such competing or conflicting claims are ultimately determined to be valid
 the Company may be required to pay damages
 to obtain licenses to these patents
 to develop or obtain alternative technology or to cease using such technology. If the Company is required to obtain any licenses
 there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to do so on commercially favorable terms
 if at all. The Company&#39;s failure to obtain a license to any technology that it may require to commercialize its products could have a material adverse impact on&nbsp;its business
 operating results and financial condition. 



&rsquo;s products in the Company&rsquo;s ongoing research and development activities and contract manufacturing activities. Under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act (&ldquo;FDC Act&rdquo;) the FDA regulates the clinical trials
 manufacturing
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and promotion of medical devices and drug products in the United States. Some of the Company&rsquo;s and customers&rsquo; products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA
 which regulates some of the products as medical devices and drug products
 which in some cases
 requires Pre-Market Approval (&ldquo;PMA&rdquo;)
 or New Drug Applications (&ldquo;NDA&rdquo;) and by foreign countries
 which regulate some of the products as medical devices or drug products. 


 processing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution

 medical device manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA to assure compliance with device QSR requirements
 along with pre-approval inspection for PMA and NDA product introduction. Lifecore&rsquo;s facility is subject to inspections as both a device and a drug manufacturing operation. For PMA devices and NDA drug products
 the company that owns the product submission is required to submit an annual report and also to obtain approval for modifications to the device
 drug product or its labeling. Other applicable FDA requirements include the medical device reporting (&ldquo;MDR&rdquo;) regulation
 which requires certain companies to provide information to the FDA regarding deaths or serious injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of its devices
 as well as product malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. 

&rsquo;s food products and operations are also subject to regulation by various federal
 state
 and local agencies. Food products are regulated by the FDA under the FDC Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The FDA has the authority to inspect the Company&rsquo;s food facilities
 and regulates
 among other things
 food manufacturing (pursuant to food-related current good manufacturing practices
 or cGMPs)
 food packing and holding
 food safety
 the growing and harvesting of produce intended for human consumption
 food labeling
 and food packaging. The FDA is in the process of implementing the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act and has recently published a number of final rules related to
 among other things
 hazard analysis and preventive controls
 produce safety
 foreign supplier verification programs
 sanitary transportation of food
 and food defense. The compliance dates for these rules vary and started as early as September
 2016. The FDA also requires companies to report to the FDA via the Reportable Food Registry when there is a reasonable probability that the use of
 or exposure to
 an article of food will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. In addition
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and other state authorities regulate how the Company may promote and advertise its food products. 










 2017

 of whom 535 were dedicated to research
 development
 manufacturing
 quality control and regulatory affairs
 and 135 were dedicated to sales
 marketing and administrative activities. Landec intends to recruit additional personnel in connection with the development
 manufacturing and marketing of its products. None of Landec&#39;s employees are represented by a union
 and Landec considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 



&rsquo;s website is http://www.landec.com. Landec makes available free of charge its annual
 quarterly and current reports
 and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report.



Safe Harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and of Section 21E and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically
 Landec wishes to alert readers that the following important factors could in the future affect
 and in the past have affected
 Landec&rsquo;s actual results and could cause Landec&rsquo;s results for future periods to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by
 or on behalf
 of Landec. Landec assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.




 crop quality and yields

 particularly weather conditions such as unexpected or excessive rain or other precipitation
 unseasonable temperature fluctuations
 floods
 droughts
 frosts
 windstorms
 earthquakes and hurricanes
 may adversely affect the supply of vegetables and fruits used in our business
 which could reduce the sales volumes and/or increase the unit production costs. The Company experienced significant product sourcing issues in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 as a result of severe adverse weather conditions that materially adversely affected the Company&rsquo;s financial results. Because a significant portion of the costs are fixed and contracted in advance of each operating year
 volume declines reflecting production interruptions or other factors could result in increases in unit production costs which could result in substantial losses and weaken our financial condition.












 the fair market value change in our Windset investment can fluctuate substantially quarter to quarter. Lifecore can be affected by the timing of orders from its relatively small customer base and the timing of the shipment of those orders. Our earnings may also fluctuate based on our ability to collect accounts receivable from customers and notes receivable from growers and on price fluctuations in the fresh vegetable and fruit markets. Other factors that affect our operations include:

&rsquo; ability to obtain an adequate supply of labor

&rsquo; ability to obtain an adequate supply of water
 


arvest periods












 and



 we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in quarterly operating results.




 and rate at which

 including customer preferences and trends
 and penetration of our current and future products is a function of many variables including
 but not limited to:











ls


 and


We&nbsp;and our partners/customers are in the early stage of product commercialization of certain Intelimer-based specialty packaging
 and HA-based products and non-HA products and other&nbsp;oil and vinegar&nbsp;products. We expect that our future growth will depend in large part on our or our partners&rsquo;/customers&rsquo; ability to develop and market new products in our target markets and in new markets. In particular
 we expect that our ability to compete effectively with existing food products companies will depend substantially on developing
 commercializing
 achieving market acceptance of and reducing the cost of producing our products. In addition
 commercial applications of some of our temperature switch polymer technology are relatively new and evolving. Our failure to develop new products or the failure of our new products to achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 and may be in the future
 to claims by employees based on allegations of discrimination
 negligence
 harassment and inadvertent employment of undocumented workers or unlicensed personnel

 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 several recent decisions by the United States NLRB have found companies which use contract employees could be found to be &ldquo;joint employers&rdquo; with the staffing firm. During fiscal year 2017
 the Company settled a lawsuit in which it and Apio&rsquo;s labor contractor were named in several civil actions and administrative actions involving claims filed by current and past employees of Apio&rsquo;s labor contractor.





 and new developments are expected to continue at a rapid pace. Competition from large food products
 industrial
 medical and pharmaceutical companies is expected to be intense. In addition
 the nature of our collaborative arrangements may result in our corporate partners and licensees becoming our competitors. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing capabilities than we do
 and may have substantially greater experience in conducting clinical and field trials
 obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing commercial products.










 but if our machinery or facilities are damaged or impaired due to natural disasters or mechanical failure

 which could impact our results of operations and our financial condition.



&rsquo;s facilities in Guadalupe
 CA
 Bowling Green
 OH or Hanover
 PA or Lifecore&rsquo;s facilities in Chaska
 MN would reduce our ability to sell our products and would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Additionally
 we may need to consider seeking collaborative arrangements with other companies to manufacture our products. If we become dependent upon third parties for the manufacture of our products
 our profit margins and our ability to develop and deliver those products on a timely basis may be adversely affected. In that event
 additional regulatory inspections or approvals may be required
 and additional quality control measures would need to be implemented. Failures by third parties may impair our ability to deliver products on a timely basis and impair our competitive position. We may not be able to continue to successfully operate our manufacturing operations at acceptable costs
 with acceptable yields
 and retain adequately trained personnel. 

We Are Dependent on Our Key Employees and if One or More of Them Were to Leave
 We Could Experience Difficulties in Replacing Them
 Efficiently or Effectively Transitioning Their Replacements and Our Operating Results Could Suffer


 technical
 sales

 competition for senior level personnel with knowledge and experience in our different lines of business is intense. If any of our key personnel were to leave
 we would need to devote substantial resources and management attention to replace them. As a result
 management attention may be diverted from managing our business
 and we may need to pay higher compensation to replace these employees.



The successful integration of new business acquisitions may require substantial effort from the Company&#39;s management. The diversion of the attention of management and any difficulties encountered in the transition process could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The successful combination of new businesses also requires coordination of research and development activities
 manufacturing
 sales and marketing efforts. In addition
 the process of combining organizations located in different geographic regions could cause the interruption of
 or a loss of momentum in
 the Company&#39;s activities. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain key management
 technical
 sales and customer support personnel
 or that the Company will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions
 and the failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#39;s business
 results of operations and financial condition.



difficulty acquiring materials or services for the manufacture of our products or we may not be able to obtain substitute vendors. In addition
 we may not be able to procure comparable materials at similar prices and terms within a reasonable time
 if at all. Several services that are provided to Apio are obtained from a single provider. Several of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products are currently purchased from a single source
 including some monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers
 substrate materials for our breathable membrane products and raw materials for our HA products. Any interruption of our relationship with single-source suppliers or service providers could delay product shipments and materially harm our business.









al regulation in the United States and foreign countries. The manufacture of our products is subject to detailed standards for product development
 manufacturing controls
 ongoing quality monitoring and analysis
 and periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. We may not be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive approvals or loss of previously received approvals would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. A significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing workforce is provided by third-party contractors. The Company relies upon these contractors to validate the worker&rsquo;s immigration status and their eligibility to work in the Company&rsquo;s facilities. Although we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to comply with all applicable regulations regarding the manufacture and sale of our products and polymer materials
 regulations are always subject to change and depend heavily on administrative interpretations and the country in which the products are sold. Future changes in regulations or interpretations relating to matters such as safe working conditions
 laboratory and manufacturing practices
 environmental controls
 and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances may adversely affect our business. 


 FTC

 for example
 to FDA compliance and regulations concerning the safety of the food products handled and sold by Apio
 and the facilities in which they are packed and processed. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements can
 among other things
 result in:


 injunctions
 civil penalties
 and suspensions



d product seizures
 including cessation of manufacturing and sales


 and



 state

 operating results and financial condition.



 directly or indirectly
 a component or otherwise affect the characteristics of any food may be regulated as a food additive unless the substance is generally recognized as safe. Food packaging materials are generally not considered food additives by the FDA if the products are not expected to become components of food under their expected conditions of use. We consider our breathable membrane product to be a food packaging material not subject to approval by the FDA. We have not received any communication from the FDA concerning our breathable membrane product. If the FDA were to determine that our breathable membrane products are food additives
 we may be required to submit a food contact substance notification or food additive petition for approval by the FDA. The food additive petition process
 in particular
 is lengthy
 expensive and uncertain. A determination by the FDA that a food contact substance notification or food additive petition is necessary would have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

PACA&rdquo;). PACA regulates fair trade standards in the fresh produce industry and governs all the products sold by Apio. Our failure to comply with the PACA requirements could among other things
 result in civil penalties
 suspension or revocation of a license to sell produce
 and in the most egregious cases
 criminal prosecution
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition
 the FTC and other state authorities regulate how we promote and advertise our food products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations. 

&rsquo;s existing products and its products under development are considered to be medical devices
 drug products
 combination devices
 and therefore
 require clearance or approval by the FDA before commercial sales can be made in the United States. The products also require the approval of foreign government agencies before sales may be made in many other countries. The process of obtaining these clearances or approvals varies according to the nature and use of the product. It can involve lengthy and detailed safety
 efficacy and clinical studies
 as well as extensive site inspections and lengthy regulatory agency reviews. There can be no assurance that any of the Company&rsquo;s clinical studies will be authorized to proceed
 or if authorized will show safety or effectiveness; that any of the Company&rsquo;s products that require FDA clearance or approval will obtain such clearance or approval on a timely basis
 on terms acceptable to the Company for the purpose of actually marketing the products
 or at all; or that following any such clearance or approval previously unknown problems will not result in restrictions on the marketing of the products or withdrawal of clearance or approval.








 most of the existing products being sold by Lifecore and its customers are subject to continued regulation by the FDA
 various state agencies and foreign regulatory agencies which regulate manufacturing
 labeling
 distribution

 we may have to recall product
 or may have to reduce or suspend production while we address any deficiencies. Marketing clearances or approvals by regulatory agencies can be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial clearance or approval. These agencies can also limit or prevent the manufacture or distribution of Lifecore&rsquo;s products. A determination that Lifecore is in violation of such regulations could lead to the issuance of adverse inspectional observations
 a Warning Letter
 imposition of civil penalties
 including fines
 product recalls or product seizures
 injunctions
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal sanctions.


 state and local regulations impose various environmental controls on the use
 storage
 discharge or disposal of toxic

 or to restrict adequately the discharge of
 hazardous substances under present or future regulations could subject us to substantial liability or could cause our manufacturing operations to be suspended and changes in environmental regulations may impose the need for additional capital equipment or other requirements.




 clinical and field testing
 manufacture
 commercialization and marketing for some of our current and future products includes entering into various collaborations with corporate partners

 test
 manufacture and/or market some of our products. Although we believe that our partners in these collaborations have an economic motivation to succeed in performing their contractual responsibilities
 the amount and timing of resources to be devoted to these activities are not within our control. Our partners may not perform their obligations as expected or we may not derive any additional revenue from the arrangements. Our partners may not pay any additional option or license fees to us or may not develop
 market or pay any royalty fees related to products under such agreements. Moreover
 some of the collaborative agreements provide that they may be terminated at the discretion of the corporate partner
 and some of the collaborative agreements provide for termination under other circumstances. Our partners may pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to our technology. Furthermore
 we may not be able to negotiate additional collaborative arrangements in the future on acceptable terms
 if at all
 and our collaborative arrangements may not be successful.

Our Reputation and Business May Be Harmed if Our Computer Network Security or Any of the Databases Containing Our Trade Secrets
 Propr



 including intellectual property
 trade secrets
 banking information and other sensitive information critical to the operation and success of our business on computer networks
 and such information may be compromised in the event that the security of such networks is breached. We also maintain confidential information regarding our employees and job applicants
 including personal identification information. The protection of employee and company data in the information technology systems we utilize (including those maintained by third-party providers) is critical. Despite the efforts by us to secure computer networks utilized for our business
 security could be compromised
 confidential information
 such as Company information assets and personally identifiable employee information
 could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. 



 our customers or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect sensitive Company data being breached or compromised. Furthermore
 actual or anticipated cyberattacks or data breaches may cause significant disruptions to our network operations
 which may impact our ability to deliver shipments or respond to customer needs in a timely or efficient manner.









 costly investigations and litigation and potential regulatory or other actions by governmental agencies. As a result of any of the foregoing
 we could experience adverse publicity
 the compromise of valuable information assets
 loss of sales
 the cost of remedial measures and/or significant expenditures to reimburse third parties for resulting damages
 any of which could adversely impact our brand
 our business and our results of operations.




 including some of our competitors
 claiming infringement by our products of their patent and other proprietary rights. Regardless of their merit
 responding to any such claim could be time-consuming

 we could be required to alter our products or processes and our business
 results of operations or financial position could be materially adversely affected. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain patents
 maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. Any pending patent applications we file may not be approved and we may not be able to develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Any patents issued to us may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties. Patents held by others may prevent the commercialization of products incorporating our technology. Furthermore
 others may independently develop similar products
 duplicate our products or design around our patents.

The Global Economy is Experiencing Continued Volatility
 Which May Have a


 the U.S. and international economy and financial markets experienced a significant slowdown and volatility due to uncertainties related to the availability of credit
 energy prices

 diminished market liquidity
 geopolitical conflicts. Ongoing volatility in the economy and financial markets could further lead to reduced demand for our products
 which in turn
 would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In particular
 volatility in the global markets have resulted in softer demand and more conservative purchasing decisions by customers
 including a tendency toward lower-priced products
 which could negatively impact our revenues
 gross margins and results of operations. In addition to a reduction in sales
 our profitability may decrease because we may not be able to reduce costs at the same rate as our sales decline. We cannot predict the ultimate severity or length of the current period of volatility
 whether the recent signs of economic recovery will prove sustainable
 or the timing or severity of future economic or industry downturns.


 our customers
 suppliers and partners may have difficulties obtaining capital at adequate or historical levels to finance their ongoing business and operations

 some of our vendors and growers may experience a reduction in their availability of funds and cash flows
 which could negatively impact their business as well as ours. A further worsening of the economic environment or continued or increased volatility of the U.S. economy
 including increased volatility in the credit markets
 could adversely impact our customers&rsquo; and vendors&rsquo; ability or willingness to conduct business with us on the same terms or at the same levels as they have historically. Further
 this economic volatility and uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it challenging for Landec to forecast its operating results
 make business decisions
 and identify the risks that may affect its business
 sources and uses of cash
 financial condition and results of operations.




 approximately 30% of our consolidated net revenues were derived from product sales to international customers. A number of risks are inherent in 
















 or




 and our financial condition and results of operations. While our foreign sales are currently priced in dollars
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates may reduce the demand for our products by increasing the price of our products in the currency of the countries in which the products are sold. Regulatory
 geopolitical and other factors may adversely impact our operations in the future or require us to modify our current business practices.











 with our two largest customers from our Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately 18% and 14%
 respectively
 of our revenues. We expect that
 for the foreseeable future
 a limited number of customers may continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues. We may experience changes in the composition of our customer base as we have experienced in the past. The reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more major customers for any reason or the loss of one or more of our major customers could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In addition
 since some of the products processed by Apio and Lifecore are sole sourced to customers
 our operating results could be adversely affected if one or more of our major customers were to develop other sources of supply. Our current customers may not continue to place orders
 orders by existing customers may be canceled or may not continue at the levels of previous periods or we may not be able to obtain orders from new customers. 




 manufacturing
 marketing

 we could incur substantial costs in responding to complaints or litigation regarding our products and our product brand image could be materially damaged. Such events may have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Although we have taken and intend to continue to take what we consider to be appropriate precautions to minimize exposure to product liability claims
 we may not be able to avoid significant liability. We currently maintain product liability insurance. While we think the coverage and limits are consistent with industry standards
 our coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at an acceptable cost
 if at all. A product liability claim
 product recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition.

Our Stock Price May Fluctuate in Response to Various Conditions
 Many of Which Are Beyond Our Control

antly in response to numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:





ur development of new products or the development of new products by our competitors





 of new collaborative arrangements by us
 our competitors or other parties






 and



 particularly if unforeseen
 cause us to miss projections which might result in analysts or investors changing their valuation of our stock.







&rsquo;s Operations
 Profitability or Reputation 

 financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Nevertheless
 lapses or deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures or in our internal control over financial reporting may occur from time to time. There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in preventing a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting from occurring in the future. Any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or financial condition
 restrict our ability to access the capital markets
 require us to expend resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies
 which could include the restating of previously reported financial results
 expose us to regulatory or legal proceedings
 harm our reputation
 or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.&nbsp;



shares of preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding stock
 and the holders of such preferred stock could have voting
 dividend
 liquidation and other rights superior to those of holders of our Common Stock.

















May 28
 2017
 the Company owned or leased properties in Menlo Park
 Arroyo Grande
 Petaluma
 Santa Maria and Guadalupe
 California; Chaska
 Minnesota; Bowling Green and McClure
 Ohio; Hanover
 Pennsylvania; Vero Beach
 Florida; Rock Hill
 South Carolina and Rock Tavern
 New York as described below.


		

			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			
			


			


			


			


			





 CA


			


			
			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 OH


			


			
			


			


			


			




 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 PA


			


			
			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office space
 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 FL


			


			
			


			


			


			




 manufacturing and cold storage


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 SC


			


			
			


			


			


			



400 square feet of cold storage and office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 NY


			


			
			


			


			


			



700 square feet of cold storage and office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 OH


			


			
			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA


			


			
			


			


			


			



000 square feet of parking space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA


			


			
			


			


			


			



300 square feet of office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			





 CA

			

			
			

			

			

			


300

			
			

			

			
			

			

			




 CA


			


			


			


			


			



100 square feet of office space


			


			


			

			
			

			


			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 MN


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office
 laboratory and manufacturing space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 MN


			


			


			


			


			



000 square feet of office
 manufacturing and warehouse space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 CA


			


			


			


			


			



600 square feet of office and laboratory space


			


			


			

			
			

			

			




 CA

			

			

			

			

			


100 square feet of office and 

			
			

			

			
			

			

			






 the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and claims.

sted to reflect the impacts of negotiations
 estimate settlements
 legal rulings
 advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. Legal fees are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

 has been the target of a union organizing campaign which has included two unsuccessful attempts to unionize Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing plant. The campaign has involved a union and over 100 former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively &quot;Pacific Harvest&quot;)
 Apio&#39;s labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court
 and initiating over 100 individual arbitrations against Apio and Pacific Harvest.

legal actions consist of three main types of claims: (1) Unfair Labor Practice claims (&quot;ULPs&quot;) before the National Labor Relations Board (&ldquo;NLRB&rdquo;)
 (2) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations
 and (3) wage and hour claims as part of two Private Attorney General Act (&ldquo;PAGA&rdquo;) cases in state court and in over 100 individual arbitrations. 

the union
 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on December 27
 2016 for $310
000. Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or $155
000. On May 5
 2017
 the parties to the remaining actions executed a settlement agreement settling the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing facility from September 2011 through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid $6.0 million in three installments
 $2.4 million of which&nbsp;was paid on July 3
 2017
 with $1.8 million due&nbsp;in November 2017 and $1.8 million due in July 2018. The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay one half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire first installment of $2.4 million on July 3

 the Company will also pay the entire second installment of $1.8 million in November 2017
 and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest as indicated above. The Company and Pacific Harvest will both make one half of the third installment in July 2018. The Company







uring the twelve months ended May 28
 2017
 the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of $2.6 million related to these actions.&nbsp;During the twelve months ended May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 the Company incurred&nbsp;legal expenses of $2.1 million and $542
000
 respectively
 related to these actions. As of May 28
 2017
 the Company had accrued $3.2 million related to these actions
 which is included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.













Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








May 28
 2017

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended May 28
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended February 26
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended November 27
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended August 28
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






29
 2016

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended May 29
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended February 28
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended November 29
 2015

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



 Quarter ended August 30
 2015

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





approximately 47 holders of record of 27
506
712 shares of outstanding Common Stock as of July 24
 2017. Since certain holders are listed under their brokerage firm&rsquo;s names
 the actual number of stockholders is higher. 



future earnings
 if any
 for its business and does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future.



Company during fiscal years 2017 or 2016. The Company may still repurchase up to $3.8 million of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock under the Company&rsquo;s stock repurchase plan announced on July 14
 2010. 













			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			
			


 2014

			
			


 2013

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



n thousands
 except per share amounts)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			
 net

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			
			


 2014

			
			


 2013

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			











&rsquo;s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. Except for the historical information contained herein
 the matters discussed in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include
 without limitation
 those mentioned in this report and
 in particular
 the factors described in Item 1A. &quot;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Landec undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report.



Landec&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) design
 develop
 manufacture and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets and license technology applications to partners. The Company has two proprietary polymer technology platforms: (1) Intelimer polymers
 and (2) hyaluronan (&ldquo;HA&rdquo;) biopolymers. The Company&rsquo;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company&rsquo;s polymer technologies
 along with its customer relationships and trade names
 are the foundation
 and a key differentiating advantage upon which the Company has built its business. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart and GreenLine and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers
 club stores and foodservice operators
 primarily in the United States
 Canada and Asia through its Apio
 Inc. (&ldquo;Apio&rdquo;) subsidiary
 sells HA and non-HA based biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&ldquo;Lifecore&rdquo;) subsidiary and sells olive oil and vinegar products to retailers and foodservice operators in the U.S. and Canada through its O Olive division.

has three operating segments &ndash; Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export
 and Biomaterials. The Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment combines the Company&rsquo;s BreatheWay packaging technology with Apio&rsquo;s branded Eat Smart and GreenLine and private label fresh-cut and whole produce business. The Food Export business is operated through Apio&rsquo;s Cal-Ex export company which purchases and sells whole fruit and vegetable products to predominantly Asian markets. The Biomaterials business sells products utilizing HA in the ophthalmic
 orthopedic and veterinary segments and also supplies HA to customers pursuing other medical applications
 such as aesthetic surgery
 medical device coatings
 tissue engineering and pharmaceuticals. In addition
 Lifecore provides specialized aseptic fill and finish services in a cGMP validated manufacturing facility for supplying commercial
 clinical and pre-clinical products. The results of the recently acquired O Olive business is included in the Other segment in fiscal year 2017 because they are not significant to the Company&rsquo;s overall results for fiscal year 2017.&nbsp;See &quot;Business - Description of Business Segments&quot;.

May 28
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s retained earnings were $84.5 million. The Company may incur losses in the future. The amount of future net profits
 if any
 is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to sustain profitability in future years.





U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The accounting estimates that require management&rsquo;s most significant and subjective judgments include revenue recognition; loss contingencies
 sales returns and allowances; self-insurance liabilities; recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities; the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets including intangible assets and inventory; the valuation of investments; and the valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation.


 and are subject to change from period to pe









&ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 &ndash; Business Segment Reporting
 for a discussion about the Company&rsquo;s four business segments; namely
 Packaged Fresh Vegetables
 Food Export
 Biomaterials
 and Other



&rsquo;s intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with a finite estimated useful life of eleven to thirteen years
 and trademarks
 trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &ldquo;intangible assets&rdquo;)
 which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of O Olive in March 2017 (ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine by Apio in April 2012
 (iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010
 and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &ldquo;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&rdquo; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to our Biomaterials reporting unit
 the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to our Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit
 and the acquisition of O Olive was allocated to our Other reporting unit
 pursuant to accounting guidance based upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 28
 2017
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit had $35.5&nbsp;million of goodwill
 the Food Export reporting unit had $269
000 of goodwill
 and the Other reporting unit had $5.2&nbsp;million of goodwill.&nbsp;



 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of the analysis performed by the Company on indefinite-lived assets.



ssets and liabilities. See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for income taxes.







 is based on the Black-Scholes pricing model. See Note 1&nbsp;&ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for stock-based compensation.&nbsp;



See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a discussion of how the Company accounts for its investment in a non-public company and for its interest rate swap. 















 (&ldquo;ASU 2016-15&rdquo;). ASU 2016-15 clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows and amends certain disclosure requirements of ASC 230. ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice with respect to eight types of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; proceeds from settlement of insurance claims; classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash; and contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after 15 December 2017
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-15 effective November 27
 2016. The adoption had no impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 




 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 (&ldquo;ASU 2015-03&rdquo;). The new guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts
 rather than as an asset
 except in instances where proceeds from the related debt agreement have not been received. 


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15
 (&ldquo;ASU 2015-15&rdquo;). ASU 2015-15 amends Subtopic 835-30 to clarify that the Securities and Exchange Commission would not object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the arrangement.



 2016 consolidated balance sheet. The effect of the adoption of ASU 2015-03 was to reclassify total debt issuance costs of $817
000 as of May 29
 2016 as a deduction from the related debt liabilities. Accordingly
 the May 29
 2016 consolidated balance sheet was adjusted as follows: (1) prepaid expenses and other current assets and total current assets were reduced by $175
000 and current portion of long-term debt and total current liabilities were reduced by the same; (2) other assets were reduced by $642
000 and long-term debt was reduced by the same; and (3) total assets were reduced by $817
000 and total liabilities were reduced by the same. There was no effect related to the adoption of ASU 2015-15 given the Company has historically presented line of credit debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 $120
000 and $431
000 remain as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively
 as of May 28
 2017. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 do not impact the income statement accounting for debt issuance costs; therefore
 these costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt instruments. There was no effect on net income.



6
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 (&ldquo;ASU 2016-09&rdquo;). The new guidance changes the accounting for certain aspects of stock-based payments to employees and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition
 cash flows related to excess tax benefits will no longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also clarifies that all cash payments made on an employee&rsquo;s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of cash flows and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. Finally
 the new guidance eliminates the requirement to delay the recognition of excess tax benefits until it reduces current taxes payable. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning May 29
 2017.


 2016. Accordingly
 the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (1) using a modified retrospective application

000 as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (2) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a $200
000 increase to additional paid-in capital
 a $126
000 reduction to retained earnings
 and a $74
000 reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (3) $90
000 in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the twelve months ended May 28
 2017 in the consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 8 &ndash; Income Taxes for further information regarding additional effects related to the prospective application of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.










 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04

 under ASU 2017-04
 an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#39;s fair value. However
 the impairment loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods
 with early application for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. In May 2017
 the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2017- 04
 and the adoption had no impact on the consolidated financial statements. 





&nbsp;2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single five-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and anticipates doing so using the full retrospective method
 which will require restatement of each prior reporting period presented. 



 the Company has initially identified the following core revenue streams from its contracts with customers:


		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




&rsquo;s assessment efforts to date have included reviewing current accounting policies
 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and third-party consultants to assist in the process. Additionally
 the Company has begun to review historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU 2014-09. Most notably
 the Company is evaluating its current conclusions with respect to gross versus net revenue reporting for its Food Export business
 as well as the timing of revenue recognition for its product development contract manufacturing arrangements in its Biomaterials business
 to determine whether the application of ASU 2014-09 necessitates changes to such reporting. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above
 the Company is also evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on certain ancillary transactions and other arrangements. 


 the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact the application of ASU 2014-09 will have upon its consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU 2014-09

 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment
 the Company may modify its&nbsp;plan to adoption accordingly. 




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
(&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-02 beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 on a modified retrospective basis




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			




		
			

			


			






 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note 9 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies
 are expected to be reported on the consolidated balance sheets. The pattern of recognition for operating leases within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is not anticipated to significantly change.










May 28
pared to Fiscal Year Ended May 29
 2016


 2017
 the segment historically referred to as Corporate was changed to Other for the fiscal year 2017 comparison to fiscal year 2016.





			
			

			

			


			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			






&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole processed vegetable products that are washed and packaged in our proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&rsquo;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. In addition
 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling
 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation
 in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position and from the sale of BreatheWay packaging to license partners.

&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year was primarily due to a 3% decrease in unit volume sales primarily&nbsp;resulting from&nbsp;the loss of some low margin core packaged vegetable business in retail grocery stores which began in the second half of fiscal year 2016 and from the loss of some club store business for salad kit products as a result of one key customers deciding to move to a multi-supplier sourcing strategy following industry-wide produce shortages in late fiscal 2016. 











&rsquo;s Food Export business for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared with fiscal year 2016 was due to a 4% decrease in unit volume sales as a result of produce shortages this past winter and the Company&rsquo;s decision to discontinue selling certain low margin fruit products





 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 15% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017 and (3) Other/Non-HA products which represented approximately 20% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017

se in Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues for fiscal year 2017 compared to the same period last year was due to a $8.0 million&nbsp;increase in fermentation sales resulting from higher sales to existing customers and a $4.5 million increase in aseptic filling revenues due to new commercial aseptic business and an increase in sales to existing customers
 partially offset by a $3.6 million decrease in development revenues primarily due to the approval of a customer&rsquo;s drug product that is now being commercially sold.







00 of revenues from O Olive since its acquisition on March 1
 2017.





			
			
			
			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 customer mix
 manufacturing costs
 volume

 to name a few. Many of these factors influence or are interrelated with other factors. The Company includes in cost of sales all of the costs related to the sale of products in accordance with GAAP. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 seeds
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility-related costs) and shipping and shipping-related costs. The following are the primary reasons for the changes in gross profit for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year as outlined in the table above.









rofit for Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables business for fiscal year 2017 compared to last fiscal year was primarily due to the gross profit generated from a favorable mix shift in revenues to a greater percentage of revenues coming from higher margin products&nbsp;resulting primarily&nbsp;from the loss of some low margin business which began in the second half of fiscal year 2016
 operational productivity improvement initiatives
 and from the fact that during fiscal year 2016
 Apio incurred approximately $15.6 million of excess costs from produce shortages. These factors





&rsquo;s Food Export business during the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year was due to lower revenues and a slightly unfavorable product mix. The gross profit as a percent of sales during the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 was 6.4% compared to a gross margin of 6.5% during the same period last year.









iscal year ended May 29
 2017 compared to the same period last year was due to the completion of two license agreements in fiscal year 2017 which started at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 partially offset by $177
000 of gross profit from O Olive since its acquisition on March 1
 2017




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Selling
 General and Administrative:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			





&rsquo;s R&amp;D consisted primarily of product development and commercialization initiatives. R&amp;D efforts at Apio are focused on new product development and on the Company&rsquo;s proprietary BreatheWay membranes used for packaging produce
 with a focus on extending the shelf-life of sensitive vegetables and fruit. In the Lifecore business
 the R&amp;D efforts are focused on new products and applications for HA-based and non-HA biomaterials. For Other
 the R&amp;D efforts are primarily focused on supporting the development and commercialization of new products and new technologies in our Apio and Lifecore businesses and during fiscal years 2017 and 2016 on R&amp;D collaborations with partners.

for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year was due to a significant increase in product development activities at both Apio and Lifecore which resulted in the hiring of eight R&amp;D personnel during fiscal year 2017. The increase was also&nbsp;due to supporting development partners for the Company&rsquo;s BreatheWay membrane technology and from the hiring of two new Vice Presidents to develop our new natural foods business and lead the O Olive development efforts.







Selling
 General and Administ

G&amp;A expenses consist primarily of sales and marketing expenses associated with the Company&rsquo;s product sales and services
 business development expenses and staff and administrative expenses.

fiscal year 2017 compared to last year was due to an increase in expenses at Apio primarily to&nbsp;ramp up product launches
 advertising
 and promotions of Apio&rsquo;s existing and new salad kit products
&nbsp;additional headcount hired over the past year
 and from an increase in Other&nbsp;primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation from equity grants
 from new business development activities and from $400
000 of SG&amp;A expenses incurred by O Olive since its acquisition on March 1
 2017





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			
 net

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			






There was no change in dividend income for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 compared to the same period last year. 






 net























&rsquo; equity interest in the net income of Apio Cooling
 LP. 



Fiscal Year Ended May 29
 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended May 31
 2015





			
			

			

			


			
			

ay 29
 2016

			
			

ay 31
 2015

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			





&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole processed vegetable products that are washed and packaged in our proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&rsquo;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. In addition
 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues generated from Apio Cooling
 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation
 in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position and from the sale of BreatheWay packaging to license partners.

in Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period of last year was primarily due to a 5% decrease in unit volume sales. The volume decrease was due to lower sales in Apio&rsquo;s historical core packaged fresh vegetable business due to a severe shortage of produce during most of the second and third fiscal quarters of 2016
 partially offset by increased sales of higher-priced salad kit products. The decrease was also due to fiscal year 2015 having an extra week compared to fiscal year 2016 as a result of the timing of the Company&rsquo;s 2015 fiscal year end.





&rsquo;s Food Export business for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared with fiscal year 2015 was due to a 5% decrease in unit volume sales as a result of produce shortages and the high value of the U.S. dollar compared to most Asian currencies which made our export products more expensive for our foreign customers who pay Apio in U.S. dollars.





 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 20% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2016 and (3) Other/Non-HA products which represented approximately 25% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2016. 







crease in Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to an increase of $9.7 million in development service revenues from existing customers
 and an increase of $4.6 million in fermentation revenues due primarily to a customer that reduced its purchases last year due to an inventory adjustment resuming their historical purchase levels in fiscal year 2016. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in aseptic revenues of $4.2 million for fiscal year 2016 as a result of lower customer demand primarily due to an inventory management initiative put in place by several customers.





 Corporate revenues for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to two new licensing and R&amp;D agreements entered into on June 1
 2015.





			
			

			

			


			
			

ay 29
 2016

			
			

ay 31
 2015

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

			







 customer mix
 manufacturing costs
 volume

 to name a few. Many of these factors influence or are interrelated with other factors. The Company includes in cost of sales all of the costs related to the sale of products in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 seeds
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility related costs) and shipping and shipping-related costs. The following are the primary reasons for the changes in gross profit for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year as outlined in the table above.



t for Apio&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables business for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was primarily due to severe produce shortages resulting from unseasonably warm weather in California throughout most of the second and third quarters of this fiscal year which significantly reduced yields. The excess cost from produce shortages for fiscal year 2016 of approximately $15.6 million more than offset the gross profit generated from a favorable product mix resulting from a higher percentage of sales being generated from the higher margin salad kit products versus the lower margin historical core fresh packaged vegetable business. 





&rsquo;s Food Export business during the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to lower revenues partially offset by a favorable product mix. The gross profit as a percent of sales during the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 was 6.5% compared to a gross margin of 6.3% during the same period last year.












 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to a 25% increase in revenues and from a favorable product mix 



ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to two new licensing and R&amp;D agreements entered into on June 1
 2015.





			
			

			

			


			
			

ay 29
 2016

			
			

31
 2015

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



Selling
 General and 

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			





&rsquo;s R&amp;D consisted primarily of product development and commercialization initiatives. R&amp;D efforts at Apio are focused on the Company&rsquo;s proprietary BreatheWay membranes used for packaging produce
 with a focus on extending the shelf-life of sensitive vegetables and fruit. In the Lifecore business
 the R&amp;D efforts are focused on new products and applications for HA-based and non-HA biomaterials. For Corporate
 the R&amp;D efforts are primarily focused on supporting the development and commercialization of new products and new technologies in our food and HA businesses and on new R&amp;D collaborations with partners.


 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to an increase in R&amp;D at 

Selling
 General and Administrative (S
G&amp;A)



 business development expenses and staff and administrative expenses.


G&amp;A expenses for the fiscal year ended May 29
 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to (1) a 21% increase in S

 product launches
 advertising and promotions of our existing and new salad kit products and from additional headcount hired over the past year
 (2) a 31% increase at Lifecore primarily due to bonuses being accrued this fiscal year compared to a nominal amount last fiscal year and from headcount additions to support its growth and (3) a 29% increase at Corporate primarily due to the reversal of the $677
000 LTIP accrual last fiscal year and from an increase in stock-based compensation as a result of stock option and RSU grants made in May 2015
 with the predominate amount of those grants being granted to the new CEO.











			
			

			

			


			
			

9
 2016

			
			

31
 2015

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			
 net

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			





The increase in dividend income for fiscal year 2016 compared to the same period last year was due to the Company increasing its preferred stock investment in Windset by $7.0 million on October 29
 2014.&nbsp;






 net









ded May 29
 2016 is due to the tax benefit from the GreenLine impairment charge recorded during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 and from a decrease in net income before taxes
 excluding the GreenLine impairment charge
 compared to last year. 



&rsquo; equity interest in the net income of Apio Cooling
 LP. 





May 28
 2017
 the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $5.4 million
 a net decrease of $4.5 million from $9.9 million at May 29
 2016. 



generated $29.3 million of cash from operating activities during fiscal year 2017 compared to generating $21.9 million of cash from operating activities during fiscal year 2016. The primary sources of cash from operating activities during fiscal year 2017 were from (1) $10.7 million of net income
 (2) $14.6 million of depreciation/amortization and stock-based compensation expenses
 (3) a $2.5 million net increase in deferred tax liabilities
 (4) $1.2 million from a loss on the early extinguishment of debt and (5) from a $584
000 net decrease in working capital. 







 factors which decreased working capital during fiscal year 2017 were (1) a $2.8 million increase in accrued compensation primarily due to an increase in bonuses being accrued at fiscal year-end 2017 compared to bonuses accrued at the end of fiscal year 2016
. These decreases were partially offset by a $5.2 million decrease in accounts payable due to a $4.3 million decrease at Apio&nbsp;primarily resulting from&nbsp;grower payments made during&nbsp;the last week of May this year versus after year end last year and a $900
000 decrease at Lifecore due to the timing of payments







 financing activities for fiscal year 2017 was $8.8 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $15.4 million for the same period last year. The net cash used in financing activities during fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to $57.2 million of payments on the Company&rsquo;s long-term debt as a result of refinancing all of the Company&rsquo;s debt during the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 and $500
000 of net payments on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit
 partially offset by $50 million of proceeds from the Company refinancing its long-term debt



2017
 Landec incurred expenditures for facility expansions and purchased equipment to support the growth of the Apio Packaged Fresh Vegetables and Lifecore businesses. These expenditures represented the majority of the $22.6 million of capital expenditures.




 2016
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan
 BMO
 and City National Bank
 as lenders (collectively

 and JPMorgan as administrative agent
 pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a $100 million revolving line of credit (the &ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;) and a $50 million term loan facility (the &ldquo;Term Loan&rdquo;)
 guaranteed by each of the Company&rsquo;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 with the exception of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset. 


 2021)
 with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of $1.25 million commencing December 1
 2016
 with the remainder due at maturity.

r and the Term Loan is based on either the prime rate or Eurodollar rate
 at the Company&rsquo;s discretion
 plus a spread based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&rsquo;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date). The spread is at a per annum rate of (i) between 0.25% and 1.25% if the prime rate is elected or (ii) between 1.25% and 2.25% if the Eurodollar rate is elected. 



creased. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of May 28
 2017.








 2016

 2017
 the interest rate on the Term Loan was 2.97%. For further discussion regarding the Company&rsquo;s use of derivative instruments
 see the Financial Instruments section of Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.


 the Company incurred lender and third-party debt issuance costs of $897

 of which $598
000 and $299
000 were allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan
 respectively. The Company recorded its Revolving debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 $120
000 and $478
000 were recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively. The Company records its Term Loan debt issuance costs as a contra-liability
 and as such
 $60
000 and $239
000 were recorded as current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 respectively.

 fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 Apio capitalized $200
000 and $397
000
 respectively
 of debt issuance costs from new real property and equipment loans and/or amendments with General Electric Capital Corporation and Bank of America. Amortization of loan origination fees for fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015 were $142
000
 $293
000 and $206



 all of the proceeds of the Term Loan
 and $1.5 million of the Revolver
 were used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly

 which included $233
000 of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and $1.0 million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&rsquo;s then existing debt as of September 23
 2016.

May 28
 2017
 $3.0 million was outstanding on the Revolver and the interest rate on the Revolver was 2.50%.



&rsquo;s material contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter as of May 28
 2017
 are as follows (in thousands): 



			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





is not a party to any agreements with
 or commitments to
 any special purpose entities that would constitute material off-balance sheet financing other than the operating lease commitments.

&rsquo;s future capital requirements will depend on numerous factors
 including the progress of its research and development programs; the continued development of marketing
 sales and distribution capabilities; the ability of the Company to establish and maintain new licensing arrangements; the costs associated with employment-related claims; any decision to pursue additional acquisition opportunities; weather conditions that can affect the supply and price of produce
 the timing and amount
 if any
 of payments received under licensing and research and development agreements; the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 defending and enforcing intellectual property rights; the ability to comply with regulatory requirements; the emergence of competitive technology and market forces; the effectiveness of product commercialization activities and arrangements; and other factors. If the Company&rsquo;s currently available funds
 together with the internally generated cash flow from operations are not sufficient to satisfy its capital needs
 the Company would be required to seek additional funding through other arrangements with collaborative partners
 additional bank borrowings and public or private sales of its securities. There can be no assurance that additional funds
 if required
 will be available to the Company on favorable terms
 if at all.

ny believes that its cash from operations
 along with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to finance its operational and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months.























May 28
 2017
 our management evaluated
 with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 





 2017. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Our management has concluded that
 as of May 28
 2017
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We have excluded from our evaluation the internal control over financial reporting of O Olive Oil
 Inc. (&ldquo;O Olive&rdquo;)
 which we acquired on March 1
 2017
 as discussed in Note 2&nbsp;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Total revenues subject to O Olive&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting represented $773
000 of our consolidated total revenues for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017. Total assets subject to O Olive&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting represented $1.5 million and $710
000 of our consolidated total and net assets respectively
 as of May 28
 2017.



 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected.

ting firm
 Ernst &amp; Young LLP
 has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting
 which is included herein.



porting during the fiscal year ended May 28
 2017 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.











&rsquo; internal control over financial reporting as of May 28
 2017
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Landec Corporation and subsidiaries&rsquo; management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

any&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also

 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 Landec Corporation and subsidiaries maintained

 effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 28
 2017
 based on the COSO criteria. 

&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 management&rsquo;s assessment of and conclusions on the effectiveness of internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting did not include the internal controls&nbsp;of O Olive Oil
 Inc.
 which is included in the May 28
 2017 consolidated financial statements of Landec Corporation and subsidiaries and constituted $1.5 million and $0.7 million of total and net assets
 respectively
 as of May 28
 2017 and $0.7 million of revenues
 for the year then ended. Our audit of the internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting of Landec Corporation and subsidiaries also did not include an evaluation of internal control&nbsp;over financial reporting of O Olive Oil
 Inc.


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

 2017 and May 29
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 28
 2017 and our report dated&nbsp;August 10
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.





 California

 2017
















			

			
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate




&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement which the Registrant will file with the Commission no later than September 25
 2017 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.




			

			
			




&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement which the Registrant will file with the Commission no later than September 25
 2017 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.




			

			
			




&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement which the Registrant will file with the Commission no later than September 25
 2017 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.




			

			
			




Registrant&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement which the Registrant will file with the Commission no later than September 25
 2017 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.




			

			
			




&rsquo;s definitive proxy statement which the Registrant will file with the Commission no later than September 25
 2017 (120 days after the Registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year end covered by this Report) and is incorporated herein by reference.












			

			
			







			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016


			




			


			


May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016
 and May 31
 2015


			




			


			


&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016
 and May 31
 2015


			




			


			


May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016
 and May 31
 2015


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			




			


			


			


			














es as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 28
 2017. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#39;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects

 2017 and May 29
 2016
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 28
 2017
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

 2017
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 10
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.





 California

 2017














			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			


			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less allowance for doubtful accounts

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 fair value

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $0.001 par value; 50
000

499
155 and 27
148
096 shares issued and outstanding at May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




		
			

			


Derived from audited financial statements. See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion of accounting guidance adopted during the period.














n thousands
 except per share amounts)



			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and 

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



comprehensive income
 net of tax:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



gains on interest rate swap (net of tax effect of $254
 $0
 and $0)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



comprehensive income
 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			














n thousands
 except per share amounts)



			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2014

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



t $5.63 to $8.19 per share
 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



t $5.63 to $9.01 per share
 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



stock at $5.63 to $11.36 per share
 net of taxes paid by Landec on behalf of employees

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



May 28
 2017

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




		
			

			


See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

















			
			

			

			


			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			


			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



nvestment in non-public company
 fair value

			
			
			

			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 non-fair value investment

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 fair value

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net of refunds received

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




		
			

			


See Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


















			

			
Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies






Landec&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) design
 develop
 manufacture
 and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets
 and license technology applications to partners. The Company has two proprietary polymer technology platforms: 1) Intelimer&reg; polymers
 and 2) hyaluronan (&ldquo;HA&rdquo;) biopolymers. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&reg; and GreenLine&reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers
 club stores
 and foodservice operators
 primarily in the United States
 Canada
 and Asia through its Apio
 Inc. (&ldquo;Apio&rdquo;) subsidiary
 and sells HA-based and non-HA biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&ldquo;Lifecore&rdquo;) subsidiary. The Company&rsquo;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company&rsquo;s technologies
 along with its customer relationships and trade names
 are the foundation
 and a key differentiating advantage upon which Landec has built its business.



he accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of Landec Corporation and its subsidiaries
 Apio and Lifecore. All material inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.

he guidance for variable interest entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;). A company is required to consolidate the assets
 liabilities and operations of a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. 



 including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any one of the following three characteristics: (i)&nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&rsquo;s economic performance
 (ii)&nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity
 or (iii)&nbsp;the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The Company reviewed the consolidation guidance and concluded that the partnership interest and equity investment in the&nbsp;non-public company by the Company are not VIEs. 












 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits

 the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and to any one type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables
 grower advances and notes receivable credit risk exposure is limited. Credit losses for bad debt are provided for in the consolidated financial statements through a charge to operations. A valuation allowance is provided for known and anticipated credit losses. The recorded amounts for these financial instruments approximate their fair value.









 substrate materials for its breathable membrane products and raw materials for its HA products. 

Windset Holdings 2010 Ltd.&nbsp;(&ldquo;Windset&rdquo;)
 in which the Company holds a 26.9% minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely
 the Company evaluates the financial strength and ability for Windset to continue as a going concern.

May 28
 2017
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 44% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco (&ldquo;Costco&rdquo;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&ldquo;Wal-mart&rdquo;) accounting for approximately 18% and 14%
 respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately 30% of the Company&rsquo;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 28
 2017
 the top two customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 12% and 17%
 respectively
 of total accounts receivable.

May 29
 2016
 sales to the Company&rsquo;s top five customers accounted for approximately 45% of total revenue with the top two customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately 20% and 12%
 respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately 31% of the Company&rsquo;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 none of which individually accounted for more than 5% of total revenues. As of May 29
 2016
 the top two customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately 13% and 15%
 respectively
 of total accounts receivable.



ty of assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted future cash flow expected to be generated from the asset. If the future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets
 the assets&rsquo; carrying value is adjusted to fair value. The Company regularly evaluates its long-lived assets for indicators of possible impairment. 



&rsquo;s financial instruments are primarily composed of commercial-term trade payables
 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments
 the historical carrying amount approximates the fair value of the instrument. The fair value of long-term debt and lines of credit approximates their carrying value. 





 cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment
 cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. 










 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&rsquo; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&rsquo;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for a cash flow hedge. The components of OCI
 net of tax
 are as follows (in thousands):



			
			

			

			




 2016

			
			
			
			




 net of tax effect

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			





 net

			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			
			
			







 2017 and May 29
 2016



their face amounts less an allowance for estimated sales returns and doubtful accounts. Sales return allowances are estimated based on historical sales return amounts. Further
 on a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based on review of the overall condition of accounts receivable balances and review of significant past due accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on specific identification of past due amounts and for accounts over 90-days past due. The changes in the Company&rsquo;s allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts are summarized in the following table (in thousands).



			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			



			
			

			
			

			
			

			



Ended May 31
 2015

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



nded May 29
 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



nded May 28
 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			






 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable

 product returns
 and discounts based on specific identification and historical losses. 

&rsquo;s Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues generally consist of revenues generated from the sale of specialty packaged fresh-cut and whole value-added vegetable products that are generally washed and packaged in Apio&rsquo;s proprietary packaging and sold under Apio&rsquo;s Eat Smart and GreenLine brands and various private labels. Revenue is generally recognized upon shipment of these products to customers. The Company takes title to all produce it trades and/or packages
 and therefore
 records revenues and cost of sales at gross amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).



 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio is the general partner with a 60% ownership position
 and from the sale of BreatheWay&reg; packaging to license partners. Revenue is recognized on the vegetable cooling operations as cooling and storage services are provided to Apio&rsquo;s customers. Sales of BreatheWay packaging are recognized when shipped to Apio&rsquo;s customers.

&rsquo;s Food Export revenues consist of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products to Asia through its subsidiary
 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&ldquo;Cal-Ex&rdquo;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.
 title transfers and revenue is generally recognized upon arrival of the shipment in the foreign port. Apio records revenue equal to the sale price to third parties because it takes title to the product while in transit.

&rsquo;s Biomaterials business principally generates revenue through the sale of products containing HA. Lifecore primarily sells products to customers in three medical areas: (1) Ophthalmic
 which represented approximately 65% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017
 (2) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately 15% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017
 and (3) Other/Non-HA products
 which represented approximately 20% of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues in fiscal year 2017. The vast majority of Lifecore&rsquo;s revenues are recognized upon shipment.

&rsquo;s business development revenues
 a portion of which are included in all three medical areas
 are related to contract research and development (&ldquo;R&amp;D&rdquo;) services and multiple element arrangement services with customers where the Company provides products and/or services in a bundled arrangement.









 and there is no continuing involvement by the Company
 are recognized on the earlier of when the payment is received or collection is assured.



 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&ldquo;VSOE&rdquo;)
 if available
 third-party evidence (&ldquo;TPE&rdquo;)
 if VSOE is not available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is not typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore
 uses the estimated selling price to allocate revenue between the elements of an arrangement.

ompany limits the amount of revenue recognition for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services or future performance obligations or subject to customer-specific cancellation rights. The Company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value
 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do not include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are not met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&rsquo;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has not established fair value for any undelivered element
 revenue for all elements is deferred until delivery of the final element is completed and all recognition criteria are met.



 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement
 including those governing research and development activities and any related supply agreement entered into concurrently with the license when the risk associated with commercialization of a product is non-substantive at the outset of the arrangement.


 the Company offers customers sales incentives
 which include volume rebates and discounts. These amounts are estimated on a quarterly basis and recorded as a reduction of revenue.





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 R&amp;D contracts and royalties

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			























 2017 and May 29
 2016 inventories consisted of (in thousands): 



			
			

			

			


			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 provisions are recorded currently to reduce them to net realizable value. The Company also&nbsp;records a provision for 



2017
 2016
 and 2015 was $1.9 million
 $2.1 million and $1.3 million
 respectively. 



. Notes and advances receivable are generally recovered during the growing season (less than one year) using proceeds from the crops sold to Apio. Notes are interest bearing obligations
 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from three to nine months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to not be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 were $1.0 million and $2.3&nbsp;million
 respectively and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets



earned license fees from Windset during the last three fiscal years. During fiscal years 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company recognized revenues of $514
000
 $666
000
 and $537
000
 respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of $388
000 and $523
000 from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively.


 unrelated to the revenue transactions above

 2016
 and 2015
 the Company recognized cost of product sales of $22
000
 $32
000
 and $1.6 million
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of $22
000 and zero to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016
 respectively. 











intenance are charged to expense. Depreciation is expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
 generally three to forty years for buildings and leasehold improvements and three to twenty years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery
 equipment and vehicles. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the economic life of the improvement or the life of the lease. 

capitalizes software development costs for internal use in accordance with accounting guidance. Capitalization of software development costs begins in the application development stage and ends when the asset is placed into service. The Company amortizes such costs&nbsp;on a&nbsp;straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of three to seven years. During fiscal years 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company capitalized $2.2&nbsp;million
 $174
000
 and $509
000 in software development costs
 respectively. 



&rsquo;s Long-Lived Assets consist of property
 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of eleven to thirteen years (the &ldquo;finite-lived intangible assets&rdquo;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &ldquo;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&rdquo;)
 which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of O Olive Oil
 Inc. (&ldquo;O Olive&rdquo;) in March 2017
 (ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&ldquo;GreenLine&rdquo;) by Apio in April 2012
 (iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in April 2010 and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in December 1999. Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &ldquo;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&rdquo; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of O Olive was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit
upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of May 28
 2017
 the Other reporting unit had $5.2&nbsp;million of goodwill
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had $13.9 million of goodwill
 the Food Export reporting unit had $269
000 of goodwill
 and the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit had $35.5&nbsp;million of goodwill.



 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&rsquo;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset
 estimated fair value may be determined either by use of a discounted cash flow model or by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease the estimated fair value of assets and would increase or decrease any impairment measurement.



 including goodwill
 the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC 350-30-35. Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units
 which judgments are inherently uncertain. 







 2016
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of $34.0 million related to discontinued use&nbsp;of&nbsp;the GreenLine trade name for non-food service customers. There were no impairments of intangible assets in fiscal year 2017. 



 based on management&rsquo;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material
 could indicate a need to update the most recent annual tests for impairment of the indefinite-lived intangible assets during the current period. The results of these tests could lead to write-downs of the carrying values of these assets in the current period. 



 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not (that is
 a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise
 no further testing is required.

 a quantitative test is required
 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value
 limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

7
 2017
 the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and determined that no indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test at that time. Subsequent to the 2017 annual impairment test
 there have been no significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. There were no impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years 2017
 2016
 and 2015




 2011

 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016



&nbsp;provides health insurance benefits to eligible employees&nbsp;under self-insured plans whereby the Company pays actual medical claims subject to certain stop loss limits and self-insures its workers compensation claims. The Company records self-insurance liabilities based on actual claims filed and an estimate of those claims incurred but not reported.&nbsp;Any projection of losses concerning the Company&#39;s liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors such as inflation rates
 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management&#39;s best estimate of the amounts that have not been paid as of May 28
 2017. It is reasonably possible that the expense the Company ultimately incurs could differ and adjustments to future reserves may be necessary.













&rsquo; equity. The non-controlling interest&rsquo;s share of the income or loss of the consolidated subsidiary is reported as a separate line item in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 following the consolidated net income (loss) caption.

o
 Landec acquired Apio&rsquo;s 60% general partner interest in Apio Cooling
 a California limited partnership. Apio Cooling is included in the consolidated financial statements of Landec for all periods presented. The non-controlling interest balances are comprised of the non-controlling limited partners&rsquo; interest in Apio Cooling. 



ssets and liabilities. The Company maintains valuation allowances when it is likely that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company&rsquo;s income tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted
 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods
 and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At May 28
 2017
 the Company had a $1.3 million valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.


 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case



 for which the Company has accrued

 the Company believes its tax-contingency accruals are adequate to address known tax contingencies. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. The Company&rsquo;s tax-contingency accruals are recorded in other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.



ects of options
 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units
 calculated using the treasury stock method. 







(loss)&nbsp;per share (in thousands
 except per share amounts):



			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



purchase 1
428
272 and 371
115 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of $13.58 and $14.02 per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended May 28
 2017 and May 31
 2015
 respectively
 but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&rsquo; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore
 their inclusion would be antidilutive.

&rsquo;s net loss for fiscal year 2016
 the net loss per share includes only weighted average shares outstanding and thus excludes 1.6 million of outstanding options and RSUs as such impacts would be antidilutive for fiscal year 2016.



ts. These costs include the following: raw materials (including produce
 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation
 and facility related costs) and shipping and shipping related costs.



nd related benefits
 supplies
 travel expenses
 consulting expenses and corporate allocations.









			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			













			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 general and administrative

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model. RSUs are valued at the closing market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. The Company uses the straight-line single option method to calculate and recognize the fair value of stock-based compensation arrangements. 


 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards

 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 the fair value of stock option grants was estimated using the following weighted average assumptions:



			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015 was $2.37
 $2.85 and $3.42 per share
 respectively. No stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015.





lue measurements
 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:


		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
 which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.




8
 2017
 the Company held certain assets that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis
 including its interest rate swap and its minority interest investment in Windset.

&rsquo;s interest rate swap is determined based on model inputs that can be observed in a liquid market
 including yield curves
 and is categorized as a Level 2 measurement and is recorded as other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.







s investment in Windset. The calculation of fair value utilizes significant unobservable inputs
 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level 3 measurement investment. The change in the fair value of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset for the twelve months ended May 28
 2017 was due to the Company&rsquo;s 26.9% minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset
 the Company utilizes the following significant unobservable inputs in the discounted cash flow models: 



			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company&#39;s best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return

 and the company&rsquo;s specific risk premium and then applies an additional discount for lack of liquidity of the underlying securities.&nbsp;The discounted cash flow valuation model used by the Company has the following sensitivity to changes in inputs and assumptions (in thousands): 



			
			

			
			
			

 2017

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			



			










			
			

May 28
 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




		
			

			


			


















(&ldquo;ASU 2016-15&rdquo;). ASU&nbsp;2016-15 clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows and amends certain disclosure requirements of ASC 230. ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice with respect to eight types of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; proceeds from settlement of insurance claims; classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash; and contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after 15 December 2017
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-15 effective November 27
 2016. The adoption had no impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 




 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 (&ldquo;ASU 2015-03&rdquo;). The new guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts
 rather than as an asset
 except in instances where proceeds from the related debt agreement have not been received. 


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15
(&ldquo;ASU 2015-15&rdquo;). ASU 2015-15 amends Subtopic 835-30 to clarify that the Securities and Exchange Commission would not object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the arrangement.


 2016 with retrospective application to its May 29

000 as of May 29
 2016 as a deduction from the related debt liabilities. Accordingly
 the May 29
 2016 consolidated balance sheet was adjusted as follows: (1) prepaid expenses and other current assets and total current assets were reduced by $175
000 and current portion of long-term debt and total current liabilities were reduced by the same; (2) other assets were reduced by $642
000 and long-term debt was reduced by the same; and (3) total assets were reduced by $817
000 and total liabilities were reduced by the same. There was no effect related to the adoption of ASU 2015-15 given the Company has historically presented line of credit debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 $120
000 and $431
000 remain as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively
 as of May 28
 2017. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 do not impact the income statement accounting for debt issuance costs; therefore
 these costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt instruments. There was no effect on net income.




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 (&ldquo;ASU 2016-09&rdquo;). The new guidance changes the accounting for certain aspects of stock-based payments to employees and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition
 cash flows related to excess tax benefits will no longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also clarifies that all cash payments made on an employee&rsquo;s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of cash flows and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. Finally
 the new guidance eliminates the requirement to delay the recognition of excess tax benefits until it reduces current taxes payable. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning May 29
 2017
 with early adoption permitted.

quarter ended August 28
 2016. Accordingly
 the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (1) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of $549
000 as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (2) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a $200
000 increase to additional paid-in capital
 a $126
000 reduction to retained earnings
 and a $74
000 reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (3) $150
000 and $463
000&nbsp;in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively
 in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 8 &ndash; Income Taxes for further information regarding additional effects related to the prospective application of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.




 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
 (&quot;ASU 2017-04&quot;). The new guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating the requirement to compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount as part of step two of the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 under ASU 2017-04
 an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#39;s fair value. However
 the impairment loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods
 with early application for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. In May 2017
 the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2017- 04
 and the adoption had no impact on the consolidated financial statements. 











&nbsp;2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single five-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &nbsp;Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the first quarter of its fiscal year 2019 and anticipates doing so using the full retrospective method
 which will require restatement of each prior reporting period presented. 


 the Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09. As a result
 the Company has initially identified the following core revenue streams from its contracts with customers:


		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			




&rsquo;s assessment efforts to date have included reviewing current accounting policies
 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and third-party consultants to assist in the process. Additionally
 the Company has begun to review historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU 2014-09. Most notably
 the Company is evaluating its current conclusions with respect to gross versus net revenue reporting for its Food Export business
 as well as the timing of revenue recognition for its product development contract manufacturing arrangements in its Biomaterials business
 to determine whether the application of ASU 2014-09 necessitates changes to such reporting. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above
 the Company is also evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on certain ancillary transactions and other arrangements. 



 along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment
 the Company may modify its plan to adoption accordingly.&nbsp; 




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
(&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU 2016-02 also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. &nbsp;The Company will adopt ASU 2016-02 beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 on a modified retrospective basis.




		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			


		
			

			


			






 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note 9 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies
 are expected to be reported on the consolidated balance sheets. The pattern of recognition for operating leases within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is not anticipated to significantly change.










			

			
			





 2017

 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) targets. O Olive
 founded in 1995
 is based in Petaluma
 California
 and produces specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores
 primarily in the United States and Canada.

potential earn out payment up to $7.5 million is based on O Olive&rsquo;s cumulative EBITDA over the Company&rsquo;s fiscal years 2018 through 2020. At the end of each fiscal year
 beginning in fiscal year 2018
 the former owners of O Olive will earn the equivalent of the EBITDA achieved by O Olive for that fiscal year up to $4.6 million over the three year period. The former owners can then earn an additional $2.9 million on a dollar for dollar basis for exceeding $6.0 million of cumulative EBITDA over the three year period. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017
 the Company performed
 with the assistance of a third party appraiser
&nbsp;an analysis of O Olive&rsquo;s projected EBITDA over the next three years. Based on this analysis the Company recorded a $5.9&nbsp;million liability as of May 28
 2017
 representing the present value of the expected earn out payments. For this analysis
 the Company assumed that the maximum earn out of $7.5 million would be paid over the three year period with over half being earned in fiscal year 2020.

e operating results of O Olive are included in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements beginning March 1
 2017
 in the Other segment. Included in the Company&rsquo;s results for O Olive for the fiscal year 2017 was $773
000 revenues and a pre-tax loss of $231
000. 



in connection with the O Olive acquisition: trade names and trademarks valued at $1.6 million
 which are considered to be indefinite life assets and therefore
 will not be amortized; and customer base valued at $700
000 with an eleven year useful life. The trade name/trademark intangible asset was valued using the relief from royalty valuation method and the customer relationship intangible asset was valued using the excess earnings method.



&nbsp;million on the closing date
 which represents the goodwill amount resulting from the acquisition which can be attributable to O Olive&rsquo;s long history
 future prospects and the expected operating synergies with Apio&rsquo;s salad business and distribution and logistics capabilities. The Company will test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or sooner
 if indicators of impairment exist. 



 Company recognized $159
000 of acquisition-related expenses that were expensed in the year ended May&nbsp;28
 2017 and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)&nbsp;for the year ended May&nbsp;28
 2017. These expenses included legal
 accounting and tax service fees and appraisals fees.










			

			
			







 2011

 Apio purchased from Windset 150
000 Senior A preferred shares for $15 million and 201 common shares for $201. On July 15
 2014
 Apio increased its investment in Windset by purchasing from the Newell Capital Corporation an additional 68 common shares and 51
211 junior preferred shares of Windset for $11 million. After this purchase
. The non-voting junior preferred stock does not yield a dividend unless declared by the Board of Directors of Windset and no such dividend has been declared. Under the terms of the arrangement with Windset
 the Company is entitled to designate one of five members on the Board of Directors of Windset.


 2014
 Apio further increased its investment in Windset by purchasing 70

 an additional $2.75 million of shares on the second anniversary
 and the remaining $2.75 million on the third anniversary. After the third anniversary
 Apio may at any time put any or all of the shares not previously sold back to Windset. 

&rsquo; Agreement between Apio and Windset included a put and call option (the &ldquo;Put and Call Option&rdquo;)
 which could be exercised on or after February 15
 2017 whereby Apio could have exercised the put to sell its common
 Senior A preferred shares
 and junior preferred shares to Windset
 or Windset could have exercised the call to purchase those shares from Apio
 in either case
 at a price equal to 26.9% of the fair market value of Windset&rsquo;s common shares
 plus the liquidation value of the preferred shares of $20.1 million ($15 million for the Senior A preferred shares and $5.1 million for the junior preferred shares). On March 15
 2017
 the Company and Windset amended the Shareholders&rsquo; Agreement by extending the terms of the original Put and Call Option to March 31
 2022.

 the annual dividend on the non-voting senior preferred shares that are not available to the common stock holders. As the Put and Call option requires all of the various shares to be put or called in equal proportions
 the Company has deemed that the investment
 in substance
 should be treated as a single security for purposes of accounting. 

&rsquo;s investment in Windset was determined utilizing the Windset Purchase Agreement&rsquo;s&nbsp;Put and Call Option&nbsp;calculation for value and a discounted cash flow model based on projections developed by Windset
 and considers the put and call conversion options. These features impact the duration of the cash flows utilized to derive the estimated fair values of the investment. These two discounted cash flow models are then weighted. Assumptions included in these discounted cash flow models will be evaluated quarterly based on Windset&rsquo;s actual and projected operating results to determine the change in fair value. 

$1.7 million
 $1.7 million and $1.4 million in dividend income for the fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively. The increase in the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015 was $900
000
 $1.2 million and $3.9 million
 respectively
 and is included in other income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Windset
 which was executed in June 2010
 prior to contemplation of Apio&rsquo;s investment in Windset.










			

			
			








			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 capitalized software
 machinery
 equipment and autos

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



amortization expense for property and equipment for the fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015 was $9.6 million
 $8.2 million and $6.2 million
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized leases
 which is included in depreciation expense
 was $135
000
 $49
000
 and zero for fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized software was $414
000
 $269
000
 and $158
000 for fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively. The unamortized computer software costs as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $2.2 million and $865
000
 respectively. Capitalized interest was $514
000
 $487
000
 and $45
000 for fiscal years ended May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively.




			

			
			




May 28
 2017
 May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015 was $35.5&nbsp;million for the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 $13.9 million for the Biomaterials segment
 $269
000 for the Food Export segment
 and $5.2&nbsp;million for the Other segment. 





			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			

			




 2014

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 2015

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 2016

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 2017

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



was $872
000 as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016. Accumulated amortization of Customer Relationships as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 was $5.1 million and $4.2 million
 respectively. Accumulated impairment loss was $38.8 million as of May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016. Lifecore&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $3.7 million is being amortized over 12 years
 Apio&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $7.5 million is being amortized over 13 years
 and O Olive&rsquo;s Customer Relationships amount of $700
000 is being amortized over 11 years. The amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is estimated to be $949
000 per year.




			

			
			










 2017 has no outstanding preferred stock.









May 28
 2017
 the Company had 2.2 million common shares reserved for future issuance under Landec equity incentive plans.


 2013
 following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company

 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates are eligible to participate in the Plan.

nonstatutory and incentive stock options)
 stock grants
participants and 2.0 million shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) were initially available for award under the Plan. Under the Plan
 no recipient may receive awards during any fiscal year that exceeds the following amounts: (i) stock options covering in excess of 500
000 Shares; (ii) stock grants and stock units covering in excess of 250
000 Shares in the aggregate; or (iii) stock appreciation rights covering more than 500
000 Shares. In addition
 awards to non-employee directors are discretionary. However
 a non-employee director may not be granted awards in excess of 30
000 Shares in the aggregate during any fiscal year. The exercise price of the options is the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock on the date the options are granted. As of May 28
 2017
 1
736
729 options to purchase shares and restricted stock units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) were outstanding. 


 2009
 following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company

 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the 2009 Plan. The 2009 Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options)
 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Under the 2009 Plan
 1.9 million shares were initially available for awards and as of May 28
 2017
 344
168 options to purchase shares and RSUs were outstanding. 







			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			




 2014

			
			

000

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

215

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

118


			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 2015

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

736

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

731

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

571

			
			
			
			
			



 2017
 2016 and 2015
 certain RSUs and exercised options were net share-settled to cover the required exercise price and withholding tax and the remaining amounts were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. The Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the exercise price for options and the employees&#39; minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes
 and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld for fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015 were 137
089
 95
550 and 112
443 RSUs and options
 respectively
 which was based on the value of the option and/or RSUs on their exercise or vesting date as determined by the Company&#39;s closing stock price. 

x obligations to the taxing authorities during fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015 were approximately $434
000
 zero and $343
000
 respectively. These net-share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced and retired the number of shares that would have otherwise have been issued as a result of the vesting and did not represent an expense to the Company.







May 28
 2017:



			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			Exercise
			Price 

			
			

			
			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

571

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

362

			
			
			

021

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016 options to purchase 1
021
097 and 963
833 shares of Landec&rsquo;s Common Stock were vested
 respectively
 and 550
445 and 767
641 were unvested
 respectively. No options have been exercised prior to being vested. The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value
 based on the Company&rsquo;s closing stock price of $13.65 on May 28
 2017
 which would have been received by holders of stock options had all holders of stock options exercised their stock options that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of May 28
 2017
 was 314
091 shares. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year 2017 was $2.8 million. 





			
			

			

			
			

			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			
			
			

			
			

			
			
			

			



			

			
			

021

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			

571

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

362

			



s of May 28
 2017
 there was $4.6 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested equity compensation awards granted under the Landec incentive stock plans. Total expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.5 years for stock options and 1.4 years for restricted stock unit awards.




 2010

 including stock price
 corporate and regulatory requirements
 market conditions
 the relative attractiveness of other capital deployment opportunities and other corporate priorities. The stock repurchase program does not obligate Landec to acquire any amount of its Common Stock and the program may be modified
 suspended or terminated at any time at the Company&#39;s discretion without prior notice. During fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company did not purchase any shares on the open market.










			

			
			








			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			



JPMorgan&rdquo;)
 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&ldquo;BMO&rdquo;)
 and City National Bank (&ldquo;CNB&rdquo;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity
 with interest based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio at a per annum rate of the Eurodollar rate plus a spread of between 1.25% and 2.25%

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



General Electric Capital Corporation (&ldquo;GE Capital&rdquo;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $133
060 through May 1
 2022 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.02% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



monthly principal and interest payments of $175
356 through May 1
 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 4.39% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			





 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 3.68% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




828 through December 1
 2019 with interest based on a fixed rate of 

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



BofA&rdquo;); due in monthly principal and interest payments of $68
274 through June 28
 2020 with interest based on a fixed rate of 2.79% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



property loan agreement with GE Capital ; due in monthly principal payments of $46
000 through March 1
 2026
 plus interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus 2.25% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



 payments of $122
000 through March 1
 2021
 plus interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus 2.25% per annum

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




000 through November 27
 2020 with 

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			





 net of unamortized debt issuance costs

			
			


			
			
			


			



portion of long-term debt
 net

			
			



			

			
			



			





 net

			
			


			
			
			


			







			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			










 2016
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan
 BMO
 and City National Bank
 as lenders (collectively

 and JPMorgan as administrative agent
 pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a $100 million revolving line of credit (the &ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;) and a $50 million term loan facility (the &ldquo;Term Loan&rdquo;)
 guaranteed by each of the Company&rsquo;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 with the exception of the Company&rsquo;s investment in Windset. 


 2021)
 with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of $1.25 million commencing December 1
 2016
 with the remainder due at matu

on either the prime rate or Eurodollar rate
 at the Company&rsquo;s discretion
 plus a spread based on the Company&rsquo;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&rsquo;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date). The spread is at a per annum rate of (i) between 0.25% and 1.25% if the prime rate is elected or (ii) between 1.25% and 2.25% if the Eurodollar rate is elected. 



elerated and/or the interest rate increased. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of May 28
 2017.


 2016

 2017
 the interest rate on the Term Loan was 2.72%. For further discussion regarding the Company&rsquo;s use of derivative instruments
 see the Financial Instruments section of Note 1 &ndash; Organization
 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

Agreement
 the Company incurred in fiscal year 2017 lender and third-party debt issuance costs of $897
000
 of which $598
000 and $299
000 was allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan
 respectively. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 Apio capitalized $200
000 and $397
000
 respectively
 of debt issuance costs from new real property and equipment loans and/or amendments with General Electric Capital Corporation and Bank of America. Amortization of loan origination fees for fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015 were $142
000
 $293
000 and $206



 all of the proceeds of the Term Loan
 and $1.5 million of the Revolver
 was used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly

 which included $233
000 of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and $1.0 million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&rsquo;s then existing debt as of September 23
 2016.

May 28
 2017
 $3.0 million was outstanding on the Revolver. As of May 28
 2017
 the interest rate on the Revolver was 2.57%.










			

			
			








			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			

31
 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			




 net of

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			

 29
 2016

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			



			

			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			

			
			



			










primarily due the Company&rsquo;s overall net income before tax position in fiscal year 2017 in comparison to an income tax benefit position in fiscal year 2016
 which was primarily due to the Company&rsquo;s $34 million impairment of its GreenLine trade name in fiscal year 2016
 which resulted in an overall net loss before taxes for fiscal year 2016. Additionally
 the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2017 decreased to 29% from 39%&nbsp;in fiscal year 2016.


 2017

000 were reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as a component of income tax expense as a result of the early adoption of ASU 2016-09
 specifically related to the prospective application of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation. 


 
 in the quarter beginning May 30
 2016. Accordingly the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (1) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of $549
000 as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (2) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a $200
000 increase to additional paid in capital
 a $126
000 reduction to retained earnings
 and a $74
000 reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (3) $150
000 and $463
000 in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended May 29
 2016 and May 31
 2015
 respectively
 in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

8
 2017
 the Company had federal
 Indiana
 and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $6.8 million
 $5.7 million
 and $3.0 million respectively. These losses expire in different periods through 2032 if not utilized. The Company acquired additional net operating losses through the acquisition of GreenLine in 2012. Utilization of these acquired net operating losses in a specific year is limited due to the &ldquo;change in ownership&rdquo; provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The net operating losses presented above for federal and state purposes is net of any such limitation.



jurisdiction basis to analyze whether there is sufficient positive or negative evidence to support a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. Based on this analysis and considering all positive and negative evidence
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of $1.3 million should be recorded as a result of uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses
 and a capital loss on the Company&rsquo;s investment in Aesthetic Sciences as it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The valuation allowance increased by an immaterial amount from the prior year primarily due to uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses and credits.

in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
 and the derecognition of tax benefits
 classification on the balance sheet
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.





			
			

			

			


			
			

			
 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			









May 28
 2017
 the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits was $537
000
 of which $419
000
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The total amount of penalties and interest was not material as of May 28
 2017. Additionally
 the Company expects its unrecognized tax benefits to decrease by approximately $215
000 within the next 12 months



 none of which were individually material.




			

			
			








 and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions
 which expire at various dates through fiscal year 2030. Certain of these leases have renewal options. 

payments under these operating leases at May 28
 2017 are as follows (in thousands):



			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			





 $4.5 million and $5.0 million for the fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



 3
 2015
 Lifecore leased a 65
000 square foot building in Chaska
 MN
 two miles from its current facility. The initial term of the lease is seven years with two five-year renewal options. The lease contains a buyout option at any time after year seven with the purchase price equal to then mortgage balance on the lessor&rsquo;s loan secured by the building. Included in property
 plant and equipment as of May 28
 2017 is $3.7 million associated with this capital lease. The monthly lease payment was initially $34
000 and increases by 2.4% per year. Lifecore and the lessor made capital improvements prior to occupancy and thus the lease did not become effective until January 1
 2016. Lifecore is currently using the building for warehousing and final packaging. Apio has a capital lease for office equipment for which the value of $104
000 is included in property
 plant and equipment as of May 28
 2017






			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			



			




			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			


			











May 28
 2017
 the Company was committed to purchase $19.1 million of produce and other materials during fiscal year 2018 in accordance with contractual terms at market rates. Payments of $32.2 million
 $30.5 million and $16.8 million were made in fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 under similar arrangements.




 the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and claims.

sted to reflect the impacts of negotiations
 estimate settlements
 legal rulings
 advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. Legal fees are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

 has been the target of a union organizing campaign which has included two unsuccessful attempts to unionize Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing plant. The campaign has involved a union and over 100 former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively &quot;Pacific Harvest&quot;)
 Apio&#39;s labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court
 and initiating over 100 individual arbitrations against Apio and Pacific Harvest.

legal actions consist of three main types of claims: (1) Unfair Labor Practice claims (&quot;ULPs&quot;) before the National Labor Relations Board (&ldquo;NLRB&rdquo;)
 (2) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations
 and (3) wage and hour claims as part of two Private Attorney General Act (&ldquo;PAGA&rdquo;) cases in state court and in over 100 individual arbitrations. 

the union
 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on December 27
 2016 for $310
000. Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or $155
000. On May 5
 2017
 the parties to the remaining actions executed a Settlement Agreement concerning the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio&#39;s Guadalupe
 California processing facility from September 2011 through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid $6.0 million in three installments
 $2.4 million of which was paid on July 3
 2017
 with $1.8 million due&nbsp;in November 2017 and $1.8 million due&nbsp;in July 2018. The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay one half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire first installment of $2.4 million on July 3

 the Company will also pay the entire second installment of $1.8 million in November 2017
 and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest as indicated above. The Company and Pacific Harvest will both make one half of the third installment in July 2018. The Company


 2017
 the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of $2.6 million related to these actions. During the twelve months ended May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016

000
 respectively
 related to these actions. As of May 28
 2017
 the Company had accrued $3.2 million related to these actions
 which is included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.




			

			
			




Landec Plan&rdquo;)
 allows participants to contribute from 1% to 50% of their salaries
 up to the Internal Revenue Service limitation into designated investment funds. The Company matches 100% on the first 3% and 50% on the next 2% contributed by an employee. Employee and Company contributions are fully vested at the time of the contributions. The Company retains the right
 by action of the Board of Directors
 to amend
 modify
 or terminate the plan. For fiscal years 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the Company contributed $1.5 million
 $1.3 million and $1.2 million

 to the Landec Plan.










			

			
			





 who is the Chief Executive Officer

 the Food Export segment and the Biomaterials segment. 



 club store and food services industry. In addition
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment sells BreatheWay packaging to partners for fruit and vegetable products. The Food Export segment consists of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products predominantly to Asia. The Biomaterials segment sells products utilizing hyaluronan
 a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix of connective tissues in both animals and humans
 and non-HA products for medical use primarily in the Ophthalmic
 Orthopedic and other markets. Other includes licensing and R&amp;D activities from Landec&rsquo;s Intelimer polymers for agricultural products
 personal care products and other industrial products and from the operations of the O Olive business from its acquisition date of March 1
 2017 through Mary 28
 2017. The&nbsp;Other segment also includes corporate general and administrative expenses
 non-Packaged Fresh Vegetables and non-Biomaterials interest income and income tax expenses. All of the assets of the Company are located within the United States of America. 





			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			
			


 2015

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			














28
 2017

			

			
			
			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			



			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2015

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			












			

			
			





 2016 and 2015 (in thousands
 except for per share 




			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			



			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			







			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			










		

			


			


			





		

			
			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2008.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2012.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2005.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 1993 between the Registrant and Wayne R. Brown &amp; Bibbits Brown

 1987
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-80723) declared effective on February 12
 1996.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 Inc. dated March 14
 2006

 2006. 


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 a California corporation
 and the Registrant
 dated as of November 6
 2008

 2008.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2009. 


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


Incentive Plan
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19
 2009.











		

			
			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 Apio
 Inc. and General Electric Capital Corporation dated April 23
 2012

 2012.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 LLC and BMO Harris Bank N.A. dated May 23
 2012

 2012.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 11
 2013.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014

 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014 among Apio
 Inc.

 GreenLine Logistics
 Inc. and General Electric Capital Corporation
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 21
 2014.











		

			
			


			


			


		

			

			
			

		

			


			



 2014 among Apio
 Inc.
 Apio Cooling LP and General Electric Capital Corporation

 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014 by Apio
 Inc.
 payable to GE Capital Commercial
 Inc.

 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014 among Apio
 Inc.
 Cal-Ex Trading Company
 GreenLine Logistics

 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 2
 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014 among Apio
 Inc.

 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 3
 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2014 by Apio
 Inc.

 Inc.
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 3
 2014.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 between Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital
 LLC

 Inc. and Landec Corporation
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 21
 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 between Apio

 LLC
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 21
 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 LLC
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 21
 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 between General Electric Capital Corporation and Apio
 Inc.

 2015.











		

			
			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 by Apio
 Inc.
 payable to Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital

 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 among Apio
 Inc.
 Cal-Ex Trading Company
 GreenLine Logistics
 Inc. and General Electric Capital Corporation

 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015 between Apio
 Inc. and GE Capital Corporation

 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015

 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2015

 2015.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			




 2016.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2016 between the Registrant
 Apio
 Inc.

 2016.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2016 issued by Apio to CF Equipment Loans
 LLC

 2016.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2016 issued by Apio to CF Equipment Loans
 LLC

 2016.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			



 2016 between the Registrant and CF Equipment Loans
 LLC

 2016.


		
			
			
			

		

			

			



 N.A.
 BMO Harris Bank N.A.
 and City National Bank
 dated September 23
 2016
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29
 2016.


		
			
			
			

		
			
			

 incorporated herein by reference to Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-k dated October 25


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

Settlement Agreement amongst the Registrant
 Apio
 Inc.
 Rancho Harvest
 Inc. and Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and the plaintiffs named therein and Addendum to the Settlement Agreement effective as of May 5
 2017
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 10
 2017.
			





		

			


			


May 28
 2017&nbsp;


			


		

			


			



 Inc.


			


		

			


			



 Inc.


			











		

			
			

			

			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			

			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			













 the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned

 in the City of Menlo Park
 State of California
 on&nbsp;August 10
 2017. 


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			






KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS
 that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Molly A. Hemmeter and Gregory S. Skinner
 and each of them
 as his attorney-in-fact

 for him in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorney to any and all amendments to said Report on Form 10-K.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report on Form 10-


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


			


		


 Ph.D


			


			


			

			

		

D. Bolles
 Ph.D


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017


		
			
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			

			

		

			


			


			


			



 2017













		

			
			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			

			


			


		

			


			


			


















	
	












		

			



 and




		

			


			




August 10
 2017
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Landec Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Landec Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Landec Corporation for the year ended May 28
 2017.






 California

 2017












	
	








 Molly A. Hemmeter
 certify that:




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




		
			

			




 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and 





		
			

			


t the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			


&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 


		
			

			


&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant




August 10
 2017

		
			
			

			


		
			
			

			
			
















	
	








 Gregory S. Skinner
 certify that:




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition

 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




		
			

			




 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the prepar





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on 





		
			

			


&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 


		
			

			


ation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.




August 10
 2017

		
			

			


			


		
			
			

			

			

















	
	








AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending May 28
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Gary T. Steele
 Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


		
			
			

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			

 presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.




August 10
 2017


		
			

			


			


		
			
			

			
			
			





		

			


The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document.
















	
	








AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending May 28
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Gregory S. Skinner
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


		
			
			

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.




August 10
 2017


		
			

			


			


		
			
			

			

			


			






		

			


The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document.


















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  

  

  

 2011
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company made an investment in Windset which is&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; reported as an investment in non-public company
 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Landec acquired Apio&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; general partner interest in Apio Cooling

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized revenues of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$666
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$537
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$388
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$523
000&lt;/div&gt; from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016

 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
 the Company purchases produce from Win&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;dset for sale to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized cost of product sales of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  


  

  
  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;purchased substantially all of the assets of O Olive for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.5&lt;/div&gt; million in cash plus contingent consideration of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.5&lt;/div&gt; million over the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; years based upon O Olive achieving certain earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201c;EBITDA&amp;#x201d;) targets. O Olive
 founded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1995
&lt;/div&gt; is based in Petaluma
 California
 and produces specialty olive oils and wine vinegars. Its products are sold in natural food
 conventional grocery and mass retail stores

 beginning in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the former owners of O Olive will earn the equivalent of the EBITDA achieved by O Olive for that fiscal year up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.6&lt;/div&gt; million over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; year period. The former owners can then earn an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.9&lt;/div&gt; million on a dollar for dollar basis for exceeding &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million of cumulative EBITDA over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; year period. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company performed
 with the assistance of a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; party appraiser
&amp;nbsp;an analysis of O Olive&amp;#x2019;s projected EBITDA over the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; years. Based on this analysis the Company recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.9&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million liability as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;representing the present value of the expected earn out payments. For this analysis

 2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 in the Other segment. Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s results for O Olive for the fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$773
000&lt;/div&gt; revenues and a pre-tax loss of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$231

 which are considered to be indefinite life assets and therefore
 will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be amortized; and customer base valued at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$700

 which represents the goodwill amount resulting from the acquisition which can be attributable to O Olive&amp;#x2019;s long history
 future prospects and the expected operating synergies with Apio&amp;#x2019;s salad business and distribution and logistics capabilities. The Company will test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or sooner

000&lt;/div&gt; of acquisition-related expenses that were expensed in the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)&amp;nbsp;for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; These expenses included legal

  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;facilities
 and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions








 including month to month arrangements was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.0&lt;/div&gt; million for the fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; Lifecore leased a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;65
000&lt;/div&gt; square foot building in Chaska
 MN
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; miles from its current facility. The initial term of the lease is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;seven&lt;/div&gt; years with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two five&lt;/div&gt;-year renewal options. The lease contains a buyout option at any time after year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;seven&lt;/div&gt; with the purchase price equal to then mortgage balance on the lessor&amp;#x2019;s loan secured by the building. Included in property
 plant and equipment as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.7&lt;/div&gt; million associated with this capital lease. The monthly lease payment was initially &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34
000&lt;/div&gt; and increases by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.4%&lt;/div&gt; per year. Lifecore and the lessor made capital improvements prior to occupancy and thus the lease did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; become effective until &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Lifecore is currently using the building for warehousing and final packaging. Apio has a capital lease for office equipment for which the value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$104
000&lt;/div&gt; is included in property
 plant and equipment as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28






 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was committed to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$19.1&lt;/div&gt; million of produce and other materials during fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; in accordance with contractual terms at market rates. Payments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$30.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$16.8&lt;/div&gt; million were made in fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 estimate settlements
 legal rulings

 California processing plant. The campaign has involved a union and over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt; former and current employees of Pacific Harvest
 Inc. and Rancho Harvest
 Inc. (collectively &amp;quot;Pacific Harvest&amp;quot;)
 Apio's labor contractors at its Guadalupe
 California processing facility
 bringing legal actions before various state and federal agencies
 the California Superior Court

 (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) discrimination/wrongful termination claims before state and federal agencies and in individual arbitrations

 Apio
 and Pacific Harvest that were pending before the NLRB was approved on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 27
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$310
000.&lt;/div&gt; Apio was responsible for half of this settlement
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$155
000.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 5
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the parties to the remaining actions executed a Settlement Agreement concerning the discrimination/wrongful termination claims and the wage and hour claims which covers all non-exempt employees of Pacific Harvest working at Apio's Guadalupe
 California processing facility from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 2011 &lt;/div&gt;through the settlement date. Under the settlement agreement
 the plaintiffs are to be paid &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.0&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; installments
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million of which was paid on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 3
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million due&amp;nbsp;in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million due&amp;nbsp;in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The Company and Pacific Harvest have each agreed to pay &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; half of the settlement payments. The Company paid the entire &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; installment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 3
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and will be reimbursed by Pacific Harvest for its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million portion through weekly payments until full paid.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;Based on our current agreement with Pacific Harvest
 the Company will also pay the entire &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second&lt;/div&gt; installment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2017

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company recorded a legal settlement charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.6&lt;/div&gt; million related to these actions. During the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company incurred legal expenses of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$542&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 related to these actions. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had accrued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.2&lt;/div&gt; million related to these actions

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  


  

  
  

 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other thing&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;s
 the amount of credit exposure to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; issuer and to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables

 including some&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers

 in which the Company holds a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;44%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 if b&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;y design: a) the total equity investment at risk is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties
 including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of the following &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; characteristics: (i)&amp;nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&amp;#x2019;s economic performance
 (ii)&amp;nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity

  
  
  

 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&amp;#x201c;BMO&amp;#x201d;)
 and City National Bank (&amp;#x201c;CNB&amp;#x201d;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity


060 through May 1


356 through May 1


120 through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 17


828 through December 1


274 through June 28


000 through March 1
 2026


000 through March 1
 2021


000 through November 27




















 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan
 BMO
 and City National Bank
 as lenders (collectively
 the &amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Lenders&amp;#x201d;)
 and JPMorgan as administrative agent
 pursuant to which the Lenders provided the Company with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$100&lt;/div&gt; million revolving line of credit (the &amp;#x201c;Revolver&amp;#x201d;) and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50&lt;/div&gt; million term loan facility (the &amp;#x201c;Term Loan&amp;#x201d;)
 guaranteed by each of the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct and indirect subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets

 2021)
 &lt;/div&gt;with the Term Loan providing for quarterly principal payments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.25&lt;/div&gt; million commencing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1
 2016

 at the Company&amp;#x2019;s discretion
 plus a spread based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s leverage ratio (generally defined as the ratio of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total indebtedness on such date to the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation


 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (&amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Swap&amp;#x201d;) with BMO at a notional amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50&lt;/div&gt; million. The Swap has the effect of changing the Company&amp;#x2019;s Term Loan obligation from a variable interest rate to a fixed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-day LIBOR rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.22%.&lt;/div&gt; As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the interest rate on the Term Loan was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.72%.&lt;/div&gt; For further discussion regarding the Company&amp;#x2019;s use of derivative instruments
 see the Financial Instruments section of Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Organization
 Basis of Presentation

 the Company incurred in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; lender and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party debt issuance costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$897
000
&lt;/div&gt; of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$598
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$299
000&lt;/div&gt; was allocated to the Revolver and Term Loan
 respectively. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; Apio capitalized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$200
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$397
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of debt issuance costs from new real property and equipment loans and/or amendments with General Electric Capital Corporation and Bank of America. Amortization of loan origination fees for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$142
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$293
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$206

 all of the proceeds of the Term Loan
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million of the Revolver
 was used by the Company to repay all then existing debt. Accordingly
 the Company recognized a loss on debt refinancing of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; mill&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ion
 which included &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$233
000&lt;/div&gt; of payments for early debt extinguishment penalties and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company&amp;#x2019;s then existing debt as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 23

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.0&lt;/div&gt; million was outstanding on the Revolver. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units














428
272&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;371
115&lt;/div&gt; shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.58&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.02&lt;/div&gt; per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively
 but were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&amp;#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company held certain assets that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis

 including yield curves

 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; measurement investment. The change in the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset



 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return
 the market &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;equity risk premium













  


  
  
  

 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments

 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment

 net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;OCI&amp;#x201d;). OCI refers to revenue
 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&amp;#x2019;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for a cash flow hedge. The components of OCI
 net of tax





 management believes the fair market values of the&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; significantly different from their recorded amounts as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$35.5&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million for the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million for the Biomaterials segment
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$269
000&lt;/div&gt; for the Food Export segment





















000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Accumulated amortization of Customer Relationships as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Accumulated impairment loss was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38.8&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s Customer Relationships amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.7&lt;/div&gt; million is being amortized over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 Apio&amp;#x2019;s Customer Relationships amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.5&lt;/div&gt; million is being amortized over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; years
 and O Olive&amp;#x2019;s Customer Relationships amount of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$700
000&lt;/div&gt; is being amortized over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11&lt;/div&gt; years. The amortization expense for the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; fiscal years is estimated to be &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$949


 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eleven&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirteen&lt;/div&gt; years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;)
 which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of O Olive Oil
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;O Olive&amp;#x201d;) in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 2017
 (&lt;/div&gt;ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2012
 (&lt;/div&gt;iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2010 &lt;/div&gt;and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1999. &lt;/div&gt;Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of O Olive was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit based&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Other reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million of goodwill
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 the Food Export reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$269
000&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill

 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amoun&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;t of an asset (or asset group) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines
 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset

 in accordance with accounting guidance. For all in&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;definite-lived assets
 including goodwill
 the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.&lt;/div&gt; Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units


 the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-liv&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ed intangible assets
 based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material

 the Company assesses quali&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;tative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors
 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; (that is
 a likelihood of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50&lt;/div&gt; percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise

 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and determined that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 it was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test at that time. Subsequent to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; annual impairment test
 there have been &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  



  
  
  






















































&lt;/div&gt; which was primarily due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34&lt;/div&gt; million impairment of its GreenLine trade name in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; which resulted in an overall net loss before taxes for fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Additionally

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$19&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; were reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as a component of income tax expense as a result of the early adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;:&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payments Accounting&lt;/div&gt;
 in the quarter beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 30
 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Accordingly the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$549&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000&lt;/div&gt; as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000&lt;/div&gt; increase to additional paid in capital
 a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$126&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to retained earnings
 and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$74&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company had federal
 Indiana
 and other state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.8&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.7&lt;/div&gt; million

 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million should be recorded as a result of uncertainty around the utilization of certain state net operating losses

 and the derecognition of tax benefits
 classification on the balance sheet
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure





 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$537&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000
&lt;/div&gt; of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$419&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;
000
&lt;/div&gt; if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. The total amount of penalties and interest was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; material as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;Additionally
 the Company expects its unrecognized tax benefits to decrease by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$215&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;

 the Company is subject to examination for tax years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; forward for U.S. tax purposes. The Company is also subject to examination in various state ju&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;risdictions for tax years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1998&lt;/div&gt; forward

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods
 and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits

 for which the Company has accrued
 is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the fi&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;nal outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out method) or net &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;realizable value. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29












  
  
  
  

 2011
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Apio entered into a share&amp;nbsp;purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Windset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201d;)&amp;nbsp;with Windset. Pursuant to the Windset Purchase Agreement
 Apio purchased from Windset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt; Senior A preferred shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt; common shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$201.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 15
 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;Apio increased its investment in Windset by purchasing from the Newell Capital Corporation an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;68&lt;/div&gt; common shares and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;51
211&lt;/div&gt; junior preferred shares of Windset for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$11&lt;/div&gt; million. After this purchase
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s common shares represent a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; ownership interest in Windset. The Senior A preferred&amp;nbsp;shares yield a cash dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.5%&lt;/div&gt; annually. The dividend is payable within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;90&lt;/div&gt; days of each anniversary of the execution of the Windset Purchase Agreement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;. The non-voting junior preferred stock does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yield a dividend unless declared by the Board of Directors of Windset and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; such dividend has been declared. Under the terms of the arrangement with Windset

 2014
 &lt;/div&gt;Apio further increased its investment in Windset by purchasing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;70
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Senior B preferred shares for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7&lt;/div&gt; million. The Senior B &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;preferred shares pay an annual dividend of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.5%&lt;/div&gt; on the amount outstanding at each anniversary date of the Windset Purchase Agreement. The Senior B preferred shares purchased by Apio have a put feature whereby Apio can sell back to Windset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million of shares on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; anniversary
 an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.75&lt;/div&gt; million of shares on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second&lt;/div&gt; anniversary
 and the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.75&lt;/div&gt; million on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; anniversary. After the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; anniversary

 which could be exercised on or after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February 15
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;whereby Apio could have exercised the put to sell its common
 Senior A preferred shares
 and junior preferred shares to Windset
 or Windset could have exercised the call to purchase those shares from Apio
 in either case
 at a price equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; of the fair market value of Windset&amp;#x2019;s common shares
 plus the liquidation value of the preferred shares of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20.1&lt;/div&gt; million (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15&lt;/div&gt; million for the Senior A preferred shares and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million for the junior preferred shares). On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 15
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company and Windset amended the Shareholders&amp;#x2019; Agreement by extending the terms of the original Put and Call Option to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

 the Company has deemed that the investment
 in substance


 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million in dividend income for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The increase in the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$900
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively

 which was executed in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 2010

  
  
  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  



  
  

  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;230&lt;/div&gt;) &amp;#x2013; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows and amends certain disclosure requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;230.&lt;/div&gt; ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; is intended to reduce diversity in practice with respect to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt; types of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; proceeds from settlement of insurance claims; classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; class of cash; and contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The Company elected to early adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 27

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;835&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts
 rather than as an asset

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated With Line-of-Credit Arrangements &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; amends Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;835&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; to clarify that the Securities and Exchange Commission would &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement

 2016 &lt;/div&gt;with retrospective application to its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;consolidated balance sheet. The effect of the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&lt;/div&gt; w&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;as to reclassify total debt issuance costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$817
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;as a deduction from the related debt liabilities. Accordingly
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;consolidated balance sheet was adjusted as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) prepaid expenses and other current assets and total current assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$175
000&lt;/div&gt; and current portion of long-term debt and total current liabilities were reduced by the same; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) other assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$642
000&lt;/div&gt; and long-term debt was reduced by the same; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) total assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$817
000&lt;/div&gt; and total liabilities were reduced by the same. There was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; effect related to the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; given the Company has historically presented line of credit debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$120
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$431
000&lt;/div&gt; remain as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&lt;/div&gt; and ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; impact the income statement accounting for debt issuance costs; therefore

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt;): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance changes the accounting for certain aspects of stock-based payments to employees and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition
 cash flows related to excess tax benefits will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also clarifies that all cash payments made on an employee&amp;#x2019;s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash flows and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. Finally
 the new guidance eliminates the requirement to delay the recognition of excess tax benefits until it reduces current taxes payable. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2017

 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Accordingly
 the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$549
000&lt;/div&gt; as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$200
000&lt;/div&gt; increase to additional paid-in capital
 a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$126
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to retained earnings
 and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$74
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463
000&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively

 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;quot;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating the requirement to compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount as part of step &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; of the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 under ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04
&lt;/div&gt; an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. However
 the impairment loss recognized should &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods
 with early application for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company elected to early adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;- &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which creates FASB ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt; and supersedes ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt;-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &amp;nbsp;Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of its fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and anticipates doing so using the full retrospective method

 the Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; As a result

 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party consultants to assist in the process. Additionally
 the Company has begun to review historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; Most notably
 the Company is evaluating its current conclusions with respect to gross versus net revenue reporting for its Food Export business
 as well as the timing of revenue recognition for its product development contract manufacturing arrangements in its Biomaterials business
 to determine whether the application of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; necessitates changes to such reporting. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above

 the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact the applica&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;tion of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; will have upon its consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount

 the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; w&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ill have a significant impact to its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Basis of Presentation

 develop
 manufacture
 and sell differentiated health and wellness products for food and biomaterials markets
 and license technology applications to partners. The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; proprietary polymer technology platforms: &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) Intelimer&amp;reg; polymers
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) hyaluronan (&amp;#x201c;HA&amp;#x201d;) biopolymers. The Company sells specialty packaged branded Eat Smart&amp;reg; and GreenLine&amp;reg; and private label fresh-cut vegetables and whole produce to retailers
 club stores
 and foodservice operators
 primarily in the United States
 Canada
 and Asia through its Apio
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Apio&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary
 and sells HA-based and non-HA biomaterials through its Lifecore Biomedical
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Lifecore&amp;#x201d;) subsidiary. The Company&amp;#x2019;s HA biopolymers and non-HA materials are proprietary in that they are specially formulated for specific customers to meet strict regulatory requirements. The Company&amp;#x2019;s technologies
 along with its customer relationships and trade names
 are the foundation



 if b&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;y design: a) the total equity investment at risk is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties
 including equity holders or b) as a group the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of the following &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; characteristics: (i)&amp;nbsp;the power
 through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity&amp;#x2019;s economic performance
 (ii)&amp;nbsp;the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity

 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 grower advances and notes receivable are financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk. Our Company policy limits
 among other thing&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;s
 the amount of credit exposure to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; issuer and to any &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; type of investment
 other than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of customers and growers and
 as a consequence
 believes that trade receivables

 including some&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; monomers used to synthesize Intelimer polymers

 in which the Company holds a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority investment
 are predominantly located in British Columbia
 Canada and Santa Maria
 California. Routinely

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;44%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco (&amp;#x201c;Costco&amp;#x201d;) and Wal-mart
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;Wal-mart&amp;#x201d;) accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;sales to the Company&amp;#x2019;s top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; customers accounted for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenue with the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers from the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment
 Costco and Wal-mart accounting for approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 of total revenues. In addition
 approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31%&lt;/div&gt; of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total revenues were derived from product sales to international customers
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which individually accounted for more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of total revenues. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; customers
 Costco and Wal-mart represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15%
&lt;/div&gt; respectively


 grower advances
 notes receivable
 debt instruments and derivative instruments. For short-term instruments

 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
 if any
 is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment

 net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;OCI&amp;#x201d;). OCI refers to revenue
 expenses
 and gains and losses that under GAAP are recorded as a component of stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity but are excluded from net income. The Company&amp;#x2019;s OCI consists of net deferred gains and losses on its interest rate swap derivative instrument accounted for a cash flow hedge. The components of OCI
 net of tax





 management believes the fair market values of the&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; significantly different from their recorded amounts as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29

 on a periodic basis





 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollect&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ible amounts
 product returns

 and therefore

 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues genera&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ted from Apio Cooling
 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio is the general partner with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; ownership position

 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&amp;#x201c;Cal-Ex&amp;#x201d;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.

 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;65%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) Other/Non-HA products

 a portion of which are included in all &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; medical areas

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; further performance obligations exist
 and there is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; continuing involvement by the Company

 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also e&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;valuates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&amp;#x201c;VSOE&amp;#x201d;)
 if available
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party evidence (&amp;#x201c;TPE&amp;#x201d;)
 if VSOE is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore

 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; established fair value for any undelivered element

 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement

 the Company offers customers sales incentives




















 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out method) or net &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;realizable value. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29












&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million

 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nine&lt;/div&gt; months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized revenues of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$666
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$537
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. These amounts have been included in product sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products to and license fees from Windset. The related receivable balances of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$388
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$523
000&lt;/div&gt; from Windset are included in accounts receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016

 unrelated to the revenue transactions above
 the Company purchases produce from Win&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;dset for sale to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; parties. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized cost of product sales of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$32
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 from the sale of products purchased from Windset. The related accounts payable of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$22
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; to Windset are included in accounts payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016

 generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;forty&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and leasehold improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twenty&lt;/div&gt; years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company capitalized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$174
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$509
000&lt;/div&gt; in software development costs

 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets. Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eleven&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;thirteen&lt;/div&gt; years (the &amp;#x201c;finite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;) and trademarks/trade names and goodwill with indefinite lives (collectively
 &amp;#x201c;the indefinite-lived intangible assets&amp;#x201d;)
 which the Company recognized in accordance with accounting guidance (i) upon the acquisition of O Olive Oil
 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;O Olive&amp;#x201d;) in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 2017
 (&lt;/div&gt;ii) upon the acquisition of GreenLine Holding Company (&amp;#x201c;GreenLine&amp;#x201d;) by Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2012
 (&lt;/div&gt;iii) upon the acquisition of Lifecore in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 2010 &lt;/div&gt;and (iv) upon the acquisition of Apio in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 1999. &lt;/div&gt;Accounting guidance defines goodwill as &amp;#x201c;the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at date of acquisition.&amp;#x201d; All intangible assets
 including goodwill
 associated with the acquisition of O Olive was allocated to the Other reporting unit
 the acquisition of Lifecore was allocated to the Biomaterials reporting unit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 and the acquisitions of Apio and GreenLine were allocated to the Packaged Fresh Vegetables reporting unit based&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;upon the allocation of assets and liabilities acquired and consideration paid for each reporting unit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Other reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million of goodwill
 the Biomaterials reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.9&lt;/div&gt; million of goodwill&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 the Food Export reporting unit had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$269
000&lt;/div&gt; of goodwill

 plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying amoun&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;t of an asset (or asset group) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s impairment review requires significant management judgment including estimating the future success of product lines
 future sales volumes
 revenue and expense growth rates
 alternative uses for the assets and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the assets. The Company conducts quarterly reviews of idle and underutilized equipment
 and reviews business plans for possible impairment indicators. Impairment is indicated when the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows and the impairment is viewed as other than temporary. When impairment is indicated
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s book value and its estimated fair value. Depending on the asset

 in accordance with accounting guidance. For all in&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;definite-lived assets
 including goodwill
 the Company performs a qualitative analysis in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.&lt;/div&gt; Application of the impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets requires significant judgment by management
 including identification of reporting units
 assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units
 assignment of intangible assets to reporting units


 the Company considers the need to update its most recent annual tests for possible impairment of its indefinite-liv&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ed intangible assets
 based on management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of changes in its business and other economic factors since the most recent annual evaluation. Such changes
 if significant or material

 the Company assesses quali&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;tative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors
 management considers the impact of these key factors: macro-economic conditions
 industry and market environment
 cost factors&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
 overall financial performance of the Company
 cash flow from operating activities
 market capitalization
 litigation
 and stock price. If management determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; (that is
 a likelihood of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50&lt;/div&gt; percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then the quantitative test is required. Otherwise

 the Company would compare the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill to its fair value. The Company determines the fair value using both an income approach and a market approach. Under the income approach
 fair value is determined based on estimated future cash flows
 discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital
 which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of the Company and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Under the market-based approach
 information regarding the Company is utilized as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples that are used to value the Company. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 exceeds its fair value

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and determined that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; indication of impairment existed as of that date. As a result
 it was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test at that time. Subsequent to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; annual impairment test
 there have been &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; significant events or circumstances affecting the valuation of goodwill that indicate a need for goodwill to be further tested for impairment. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; impairment losses for goodwill during fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2011
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company made an investment in Windset which is&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; reported as an investment in non-public company
 fair value
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29

 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&amp;nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management's best estimate of the amounts that have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been paid as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28


 Landec acquired Apio&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; general partner interest in Apio Cooling

 the Company takes into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 unsettled circumstances that
 if unfavorably resolved
 would adversely affect utilization of a deferred tax asset
 carryback and carryforward periods
 and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017

 the Company establishes accruals for uncertain tax positions. The tax-contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits

 for which the Company has accrued
 is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the fi&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;nal outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter

 warrants and convertible securities and is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution as if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted common equivalent shares consist of stock options and restricted stock units














428
272&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;371
115&lt;/div&gt; shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.58&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.02&lt;/div&gt; per share were outstanding during fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively
 but were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options&amp;#x2019; exercise price were greater than the average market price of the Common Stock and
 therefore


 packaging
 syringes and fermentation and purification supplies)
 direct labor
 overhead (including indirect labor
 depreciation

 supplies
 travel expenses






















 which determines the Company&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2019;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense

 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards
 which have a significant i&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;mpact on the fair value estimates. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015




 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.37
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.85&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.42&lt;/div&gt; per share
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company held certain assets that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis

 including yield curves

 including projected cash flows
 growth rates
 and discount rates. As a result
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset is considered to be a Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; measurement investment. The change in the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment in Windset for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;was due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26.9%&lt;/div&gt; minority interest in the change in the fair market value of Windset during the period. In determining the fair value of the investment in Windset



 expense growth
 and income tax rate assumptions are considered the Company's best estimate of the trends in those items over the discount period. The discount rate assumption takes into account the risk-free rate of return
 the market &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;equity risk premium











 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#x201c;ASU&amp;#x201d;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;230&lt;/div&gt;) &amp;#x2013; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows and amends certain disclosure requirements of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;230.&lt;/div&gt; ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; is intended to reduce diversity in practice with respect to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;eight&lt;/div&gt; types of cash flows including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; proceeds from settlement of insurance claims; classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; class of cash; and contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The Company elected to early adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 27

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;835&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts
 rather than as an asset

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated With Line-of-Credit Arrangements &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; amends Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;835&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; to clarify that the Securities and Exchange Commission would &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement

 2016 &lt;/div&gt;with retrospective application to its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;consolidated balance sheet. The effect of the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&lt;/div&gt; w&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;as to reclassify total debt issuance costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$817
000&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;as a deduction from the related debt liabilities. Accordingly
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;consolidated balance sheet was adjusted as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) prepaid expenses and other current assets and total current assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$175
000&lt;/div&gt; and current portion of long-term debt and total current liabilities were reduced by the same; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) other assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$642
000&lt;/div&gt; and long-term debt was reduced by the same; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) total assets were reduced by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$817
000&lt;/div&gt; and total liabilities were reduced by the same. There was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; effect related to the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; given the Company has historically presented line of credit debt issuance costs as an asset
 and as such
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$120
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$431
000&lt;/div&gt; remain as prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
 respectively
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;03&lt;/div&gt; and ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; impact the income statement accounting for debt issuance costs; therefore

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt;): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance changes the accounting for certain aspects of stock-based payments to employees and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition
 cash flows related to excess tax benefits will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also clarifies that all cash payments made on an employee&amp;#x2019;s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash flows and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. Finally
 the new guidance eliminates the requirement to delay the recognition of excess tax benefits until it reduces current taxes payable. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2017

 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Accordingly
 the primary effects of the adoption are as follows: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company recorded unrecognized excess tax benefits of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$549
000&lt;/div&gt; as a cumulative-effect adjustment
 which increased retained earnings
 and reduced deferred taxes by the same
 (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) using a modified retrospective application
 the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and recorded a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$200
000&lt;/div&gt; increase to additional paid-in capital
 a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$126
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to retained earnings
 and a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$74
000&lt;/div&gt; reduction to deferred taxes to reflect the incremental stock-based compensation expense
 net of the related tax impacts
 that would have been recognized in prior years under the modified guidance
 and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150
000&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$463
000&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation was reclassified from cash flows from financing activities to cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively

 the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;quot;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt;). The new guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating the requirement to compare the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount as part of step &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; of the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 under ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04
&lt;/div&gt; an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. However
 the impairment loss recognized should &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;including any interim impairment tests within those annual periods
 with early application for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company elected to early adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;- &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;04

&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; which creates FASB ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt; and supersedes ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The guidance replaces industry-specific guidance and establishes a single &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt;-step model to identify and recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally
 the guidance requires the entity to disclose further quantitative and qualitative information regarding the nature and amount of revenues arising from contracts with customers
 as well as other information about the significant judgments and estimates used in recognizing revenues from contracts with customers. &amp;nbsp;Since its original issuance
 the FASB has issued several additional related ASUs to address implementation concerns and to further clarify certain guidance within ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; The Company will adopt these updates beginning with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of its fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and anticipates doing so using the full retrospective method

 the Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; As a result

 processes
 and systems requirements
 as well assigning internal resources and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party consultants to assist in the process. Additionally
 the Company has begun to review historical contracts and other arrangements to identify potential differences that could arise from the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09.&lt;/div&gt; Most notably
 the Company is evaluating its current conclusions with respect to gross versus net revenue reporting for its Food Export business
 as well as the timing of revenue recognition for its product development contract manufacturing arrangements in its Biomaterials business
 to determine whether the application of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; necessitates changes to such reporting. Beyond its core revenue streams
 and the items listed above

 the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact the applica&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;tion of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; will have upon its consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to assess the impact of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; along with industry trends and additional interpretive guidance
 on its core revenue streams
 and as a result of the continued assessment

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;) &lt;/div&gt;(&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;)
 which requires companies to generally recognize on the balance sheet operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use-assets. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; also requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount

 the Company currently anticipates that the adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; w&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ill have a significant impact to its long-term assets and liabilities
 as
 at a minimum
 virtually all of its leases designated as operating leases in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  


  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

 allows participants to contribute from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of their salaries
 up to the Internal Revenue Service limitation into designated investment funds. The Company matches &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%&lt;/div&gt; on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; on the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2%&lt;/div&gt; contributed by an employee. Employee and Company contributions are fully vested at the time of the contributions. The Company retains the right
 by action of the Board of Directors
 to amend
 modify
 or terminate the plan. For fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company contributed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;/div&gt; respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  







 capitalized software
 machinery












 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$9.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$8.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. Amortization related to capitalized leases
 which is included in depreciation expense
 was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$135
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$49
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. Amortization related to capitalized software was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$414
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$269
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$158
000&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The unamortized computer software costs as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$865
000
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Capitalized interest was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$514
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$487
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$45
000&lt;/div&gt; for fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;forty&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and leasehold improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twenty&lt;/div&gt; years for furniture and fixtures
 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; the Company capitalized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$174
000
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$509
000&lt;/div&gt; in software development costs








 capitalized software
 machinery












  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; (in thousands















































 evidenced by contracts and notes receivable. These notes and advances receivable are secured by perfected liens on crops
 have terms that range from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nine&lt;/div&gt; months
 and are reviewed at least quarterly for collectability. A reserve is established for any note or advance deemed to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be fully collectible based upon an estimate of the crop value or the fair value of the security for the note or advance. Notes or advances outstanding at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 supplies
 travel expenses

  
  
  
  
  
  





















 title has transferred
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Allowances are established for estimated uncollect&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ible amounts
 product returns

 and therefore

 Packaged Fresh Vegetables revenues include the revenues genera&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ted from Apio Cooling
 LP
 a vegetable cooling operation in which Apio is the general partner with a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;60%&lt;/div&gt; ownership position

 Cal-Ex Trading Company (&amp;#x201c;Cal-Ex&amp;#x201d;). As most Cal-Ex customers are in countries outside of the U.S.

 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;65%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Orthopedic
 which represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15%&lt;/div&gt; of Lifecore&amp;#x2019;s revenues in fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;) Other/Non-HA products

 a portion of which are included in all &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; medical areas

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;based on the performance requirements of the contract. Non-refundable contract fees for which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; further performance obligations exist
 and there is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; continuing involvement by the Company

 the Company splits the arrangement into separate units of accounting if the individually delivered elements have value to the customer on a standalone basis. The Company also e&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;valuates whether multiple transactions with the same customer or related party should be considered part of a multiple element arrangement
 whereby the Company assesses
 among other factors
 whether the contracts or agreements are negotiated or executed within a short time frame of each other or if there are indicators that the contracts are negotiated in contemplation of each other. The Company then allocates revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. The relative selling price for a deliverable is based on its vendor-specific objective evidence (&amp;#x201c;VSOE&amp;#x201d;)
 if available
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt;-party evidence (&amp;#x201c;TPE&amp;#x201d;)
 if VSOE is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; available
 or estimated selling price
 if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The Company then recognizes revenue on each deliverable in accordance with its policies for product and service revenue recognition. The Company is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; typically able to determine VSOE or TPE
 and therefore

 and for an arrangement that includes a general right of return relative to the delivered products or services
 delivery or performance of the undelivered product or service is considered probable and is substantially controlled by the Company. The Company considers a deliverable to have stand-alone value if the product or service is sold separately by the Company or another vendor or could be resold by the customer. Further
 the revenue arrangements generally do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; include a general right of return relative to delivered products. Where the aforementioned criteria for a separate unit of accounting are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; met
 the deliverable is combined with the undelivered element(s) and treated as a single unit of accounting for the purposes of allocation of the arrangement consideration and revenue recognition. The Company allocates the total arrangement consideration to each separable element of an arrangement based upon the relative selling price of each element. Allocation of the consideration is determined at arrangement inception on the basis of each unit&amp;#x2019;s relative selling price. In instances where the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; established fair value for any undelivered element

 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;initial license fees are deferred and amortized to revenue over the period of the agreement when a contract exists
 the fee is fixed and determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Noncancellable
 nonrefundable license fees are recognized over the period of the agreement

 the Company offers customers sales incentives




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



























 BMO Harris Bank N
A. (&amp;#x201c;BMO&amp;#x201d;)
 and City National Bank (&amp;#x201c;CNB&amp;#x201d;); due in quarterly principal and interest payments of $1
250 beginning December 1
 2016 through September 23
 2021 with the remainder due on maturity


060 through May 1


356 through May 1


120 through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;July 17


828 through December 1


274 through June 28


000 through March 1
 2026


000 through March 1
 2021


000 through November 27


























































































































































































































































































































000


215

118











736













731











571


021




571

362


571

362

021












 who is the Chief Executive Officer
 the Company has the following reportable segments: the Packa&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ged Fresh Vegetables segment

 the majority of which incorporate the BreatheWay spec&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ialty packaging for the retail grocery
 club store and food services industry. In addition
 the Packaged Fresh Vegetables segment sells BreatheWay packaging to partners for fruit and vegetable products. The Food Export segment consists of revenues generated from the purchase and sale of primarily whole commodity fruit and vegetable products predominantly to Asia. The Biomaterials segment sells products utilizing hyaluronan
 a naturally occurring polysaccharide that is widely distributed in the extracellular matrix of connective tissues in both animals and humans
 and non-HA products for medical use primarily in the Ophthalmic
 Orthopedic and other markets. Other includes licensing and R&amp;amp;D activities from Landec&amp;#x2019;s Intelimer polymers for agricultural products
 personal care products and other industrial products and from the operations of the O Olive business from its acquisition date of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 1
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;through Mary &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; The&amp;nbsp;Other segment also includes corporate general and administrative expenses




















































































































 changes in severity
 benefit level changes
 medical costs
 and claims settlement patterns. This self-insurance liability is included&amp;nbsp;in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and represents management's best estimate of the amounts that have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been paid as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






















 which determines the Company&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2019;s calculation of stock-based compensation expense

 including the expected stock price volatility and expected life of option awards
 which have a significant i&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;mpact on the fair value estimates. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015




 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.37
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.85&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.42&lt;/div&gt; per share
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; stock options were granted above or below grant date market prices during the fiscal years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  


  


  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 and as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28

 2017

 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)

 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Awards under the Plan will be evidenced by an agreement with the Plan&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;participants and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.0&lt;/div&gt; million shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock (&amp;#x201c;Shares&amp;#x201d;) were initially available for award under the Plan. Under the Plan
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; recipient &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;receive awards during any fiscal year that exceeds the following amounts: (i) stock options covering in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares; (ii) stock grants and stock units covering in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares in the aggregate; or (iii) stock appreciation rights covering more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares. In addition
 awards to non-employee directors are discretionary. However
 a non-employee director &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be granted awards in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
000&lt;/div&gt; Shares in the aggregate during any fiscal year. The exercise price of the options is the fair market value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock on the date the options are granted. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
736

 2009
 &lt;/div&gt;following stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
 the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201c;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan&amp;#x201d;) became effective and replaced the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2005&lt;/div&gt; Stock Incentive Plan. Employees (including officers)
 consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates were eligible to participate in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan provided for the grant of stock options (both nonstatutory and incentive stock options)
 stock grants
 stock units and stock appreciation rights. Under the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2009&lt;/div&gt; Plan
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.9&lt;/div&gt; million shares were initially available for awards and as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;344


000


215

118











736













731











571

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; certain RSUs and exercised options were net share-settled to cover the required exercise price and withholding tax and the remaining amounts were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. The Company withheld shares with value equivalent to the exercise price for options and the employees' minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes
 and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;137
089
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;95
550&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;112
443&lt;/div&gt; RSUs and options
 respectively

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$434
000
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;zero&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$343
000


571

362

021


 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 29
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;options to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
021
097&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;963
833&lt;/div&gt; shares of Landec&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock were vested
 respectively
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;550
445&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;767
641&lt;/div&gt; were unvested
 respectively. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt; options have been exercised prior to being vested. The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.65&lt;/div&gt; on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;which would have been received by holders of stock options had all holders of stock options exercised their stock options that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 28
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;314

021




571

362

 2017

 2010
 &lt;/div&gt;the Board of Directors of the Company approved the establishment of a stock repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.0&lt;/div&gt; million of the Company&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock. The Company &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;repurchase its Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased is at the discretion of management of the Company and will depend on a variety of factors
 including stock price
 corporate and regulatory requirements
 market conditions
 the relative attractiveness of other capital deployment opportunities and other corporate priorities. The stock repurchase program does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; obligate Landec to acquire any amount of its Common Stock and the program &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be modified
 suspended or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion without prior notice. During fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015


 on a periodic basis





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










 Basis of Presentation












 Basis of Presentation













    

































































 Basis of Presentation




























































































































 Basis of Presentation



    


    


    


    




        


        




    



      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      





































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        




        
        
        



 Basis of Presentation

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    

 Shares







    








    
    


    








    
    
    


    
    






    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    



 Goods



    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    





 less accumulated amortization and any impairment charges
 as of the balance sheet date of an asset comprised of customer information
 acquired in a business combination or other transaction



    
    






    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    










    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    

 Tax Credit Carryforwards



    
    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    






    



 $0.001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; 27
499
155 and 27
148
096 shares issued and outstanding at May 28
 2017 and May 29
 2016



    
    


    










    
    


    

 Amortization Expense







    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    

 Amortization Expense







    

 Amortization Expense



    




    










    




    


    


    
    


    


    

 Liquidation Preference



    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Dividend Rate



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    








    




    


    
    






    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    






    
    



 $0



    
    
    


    

 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class



    
    


    
    

 which includes
 but not limited to
 sales revenue
 accounts receivable



    


    




    
    


    




    
    






    


    








    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 but not limited to
 office
 production



    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 capitalized software
 machinery



    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Options Vested





    


    
    


    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    
    





 Plant and Equipment



    


    
    





 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months









    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    






    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    

 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value



    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    



 Inputs




 Inputs



    


    
    



 Inputs



    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    



 Credit Risk



    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    



 Computers
 Capitalized Software
 Capitalized Leases
 Machinery


 computers
 capitalized software
 capitalized leases
 machinery



    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    














    


    
    


    


    
    








    
    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    



 BMO Harris Bank

    






    






    


    

 expiring December 1



    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    

 Contingent Consideration



    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    

 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    
    


    

 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    




    


    






    
    


    


    






    




    




    
    
    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    




    








    


    
    


    


    






    


    


    


    






    


    


    
    






    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



    










    
    



 Stock Options



    
    


    

 Related Parties




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Line of Credit Arrangements



    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    








    




    
    


    

 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 a number of shares in the entity at a specified price
 as defined in the agreement. Although there are variations
 normally
 after vesting
 when an option is exercised
 the employee-holder pays the strike value in cash to the issuing employer-entity and receives equity shares. The equity shares can be sold into the market for cash at the current market price without restriction. Options may be used to attract
 retain and incentivize employees
 in addition to their regular salary and other benefits. And share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash



    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    
    


    








    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Options
 Nonvested







    

 Options
 Outstanding

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Depletion and Amortization



    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Impaired



    
    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    
    


    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    


    






    




    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    


    


    


    
    
    






    




    






    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    








    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    




    




    

 expiring May 1



    

 expiring September 1



    




    
    


    




    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    


    






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 lndc20170528_10kimg001.gif

P  9@  F0  S   _P K   K
P K9@ KF0 K
MS  K_P!5  !5
P!59@!5F0!5S !5_P    
P 9@ F0 S  _PJ  J
M
PJ9@JF0JS J_P#5  #5
P#59@#5F0#5S #5_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_
MS #__S
  #
 
S
 9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
K #
K
S
K9C
KF3
KS#
K_S-5 #-5
M
S-59C-5F3-5S#-5_S.  #. 
S. 9C. F3. S#. _S.J #.J
S.J9C.JF3.J
MS#.J_S/5 #/5
S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_ #/_
S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8
M
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8K &8K
V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95 &95
V959F95F695
MS&95_V:  &: 
V: 9F: F6: S&: _V:J &:J
V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5 &;5
M
V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D
MS)D _YDK )DK
YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5 )E5
YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF  )F
M
YF 9IF F9F S)F _YFJ )FJ
YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5 )G5
YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P  
P 

P _\PK 
PK
M

PK_\Q5 
Q5

Q5_\R  
R 

MS
R _\RJ 
RJ

RJ_\S5 
S5

S5_\S_ 
S_
M

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\K /\K
_\K9O\KF?\K
MS/\K__]5 /]5
_]59O]5F?]5S/]5__^  /^ 
_^ 9O^ F?^ S/^ __^J /^J
M
_^J9O^JF?^JS/^J___5 /_5
__59O_5F?_5S/_5____ /__
___9O__F?__

&#


F3*%.J7

M
&/*G$FSILV;.'/JW
FSI\^?0(
*'4JTJ-&C2)




8E). H#&L.?/H F* 0 @QHT8
MJ#

#.;%
583XM!HWK23=(FVYMD)AU
MA&@RK_<M$#-N]'ZMAQL:]8C6&1JXP38;;;@)% ,QT 0R0K1Q0!@092)P=Z%

 =ECSJ5MH*





M+;-.2KB8&'VJUC.Q'_M\X4
*<&.F*1M^.<\






!*#MJ3$V6AQ2

2T?$0U3!N$7)J!+%/O:*G


TEKSD](HFHOAT


@V=Q@2]#@FE]G:*F]KC4W1HH!V]I$*P1-\'#CFANC+&@:/$H$



M34FA7G%&1#=^

M'HJM



48M<Q
M97=3OH0MA

QVE1]M^0?CQ0;^2$8OP1A6^)R?^5*O+%W- 1A;_-AKK17+W
K


?Z$




FX#K/_
M!8.Y&) 2N2_(.(\




M_6E*H40C7O:@S9*A$ 8D5/_!=:X#-U2;O22&,AV;7X(41W*RBS:/841;(E
M

MEI3JD&JJESA!4-I4- #@!L1 3#?R@C=C4]OT%\?D4#'C&-%32Z)Z+K@F&;^!
MBWK:(LZ3
M3E5 C1G5

M?


1X7_4 $^?..KA
I@::)R

M(940L2$;?\J%


M!V
$
MW56DW4%_/Q*'4_)5]R&6)!5A_^M,%,35Q3C(S*'&YLH3?Z745JJGU:QFK?Z
M,GU0+QG)]JJ35\$N[3+0?$9N;J!-E



TKN&:;BY[$/'Y:OM$

NL3?5\H0K_7K;XR



M$
H'U!X
A(;E


M4B!\A%I8U40?0I@Z5LZN0B'HM@(X:197O

^D#3?9$/

M@Q&-!#E;4?W84!%Y^IA]+!D[G@'1F9V

=W)0:#
-PC;5M

MF=1\$=VKS=@/^=-]$=E(.PS\V[3QS11'79R\;8_3E=]'R8_7B.![H0])69R8

G3A?E

=_YF]+LB.)+@=]

18



-GQZ:I.F7^MIAJI\0JQ#+H.\Q\YC\-@
MG@@-%04B=

$PVP_)Y3:_#\D
M#$9_ELT-&




M: S'G?3


1=*IIQ:]6K6K5V_KAB-'C+1


.!Q-&F& &&G ^D+93








MO )FT'@:S

M*5*Z6V
H19DI98QPDR9J28.@YB1D]XPSM@) 
YRR-J+HD[RY4RB*:2
D9N
:H!25@4%S&O.6]X3D!QFFIDJ61'1U

-5







MQ=S25!Z^\6VV8#();CF-N





0!DB[FF=N


IY]U4$Q)FIJ7U@??B;J.A0Y6(+6-FF70&M;P#L&\0 #:M.
MJ8+'J8]

JY'7!XQSE@=^J-'
M0]Y;;88SE!X#26]CG$MH5E



U8?]+;U$NF-AGU@8@L'J/4-:B]
R__=S;9W\88?_QED

M8/7T8HV[QMW3_AA0459L'P8LH];^NXM_UHR8%7X#@##@G3&3F@23
V_;'AFK


QZ)IY0(/7 P  9+=94P%%8[V7XPO.0SE]2(;

8B0:])5(DOHP?L
\0.Y#[D



ML_@(95P
9XF2=EFX:11)UJ'? Y-UG(I5%)B*S$AZ2@E\2$2+ $[KB$A[3)
MF\3)G-1)83B8#^LU7S2P(0H 7KRU[AM S9$$T?.^NQ/ OA/!4IRU%;@75;S#


)$S\F8
M$MGHB)!SFN)(')%Z3^%:I8JRB_MTD_S$3_S43X7
S^A
/\J[K1=;-NVIF@RJ

';JERQC.B8AYKPEH9

%VQSL
L#IDH#L%

M8S
#Q%%XR KS.


B

X!T9)1=)+ZZNSU- F-3Y

_9=6*
T!@O%5&F[IE4YY\V)MU



SEBFQ'30\'<2[&R!-7D698


MAD



M

M+.ZYQ6KB







M6@::
%2_/MY%
6R36

MMWN6NV0 O_5UB+@KY/)@Y&$#/3*
VQEA!'TNRH7%+BO-'HA;4X%&:JUX6 /A

MSI

&4_ CW.?CG7R.-;*.UF2%LD JE(-0

K:RX3Z
M%3VY4VC6'D*
QD-Z

H./:(NID
MS1X[08

E384!(   &2[7
H$$U$ #%B9 R#D&/$& 8R
MQBBH#0 &!DCWE(

TXBWC$QXJJ*H49O7#VQ/+!@Y?WM[OT[^/#BQY
O;WY\=NUC


 [D)$'[8)*19$\2!-(!


]4?2
M:Z
:)

CU:H#F
M$Z!%D@MY76/@-H+U7(LU





/1QD)3*3






\I
M
/(XYEPC*UE6$@2.KS1B6-XYC[=VU:@5?FATF-3:J#'M XJTL-6Q6I
A:O
MNX/L9&
 AC'B-^+!P;



M&


3







MH2FV(BL](B&A2 RG2O6HC*A(N!7VG9(B^^8BR.UC'HW0H^7R\6XQ+A(A6B
MWQP:(S.RD1N2FS$(0S#DF^ UG@$V(S8RD0F.FS!
0B9\XS0J6P-F0FFI83;_
MGB/];&.B@=TW[AW=*8


P+)L5/B K
MWJ-!LDT'HB F?*
P*D/ZE47ET0
RA%HD'J1% D\^VE0P+&3A-1[N 0A:R!TR
M!3G98(FGA8Q7J1*;DOJ$5DT?B/C$6'/1_E)0
[& 

M

N F1)#*A #)P%&JR  6R$1CAG68B!


MB98%

1WBL%&9


$R
MUD. *L

H$&


M\
V6

W
 D2 *#BNAT0DP::$:9EH6!

MYJ2!2J1!64Q302H-Y9%GY:%,ARL-XK! 0 B 8'HYYIN:XJJX:4:FQ$&)@G




:;^8RK'LR7]U2+N&@


#2+4-_OB?$I.Q\$JJ@




%



M
JT^WIF:*-8&*5N




G?+EO
MARH$'_C8XO99**W$*CF-GN_1UH886/F/2Q935P8.N*YC9[2'JO]YPN$P +3%

M6G#RG
_6'N_


MK0)HK$*WLR:O:N0=A!H'^&H$Q

G2/O
M9M#=-P)RNKIZ981UJ$
7EW9P#! LGT(Q31AS(1_ '/S*'.&K8I!.3NJECK
M

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FiniteLivedCustomerListsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInEmployeeRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DepositOnCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under t<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 be recoverable. Recoverabili<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
offset a portion of the <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4.5pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 components, net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 52%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-party customers for shipping and handling are included as a component of revenues. Shipping and handling costs incurred are included as a component of cost of products sold and represent costs incurred to ship product from the&nbsp;processing facility or distribution center<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 months or less from date of purchase to maturity as cash equivalents. Cash equ<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-out method) or net <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Long-Lived <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
&nbsp;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Company made an investment in Windset which is<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 1pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
elapse before a particular matter, for which the Company has accrued, is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the fi<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-tier hierarchy for fair va<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 81pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -45pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 81pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -45pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Debt Iss<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 w<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 fiscal <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 will have upon its consolidated financial statements and related discl<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 w<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Acquisition of <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Company <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 intangible assets <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 million. The Senior B <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 meet the criteria of in-substance common stock due to returns through<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Stockholders<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 vote<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 shares of preferred stock, and as of <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
for employees' ta<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=14 style=width: 21474836.47%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=width: 21474836.47%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=4 style=width: 181%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 14px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 116px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 10pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 26pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 10pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 26pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 52%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 million of the Company<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with JPMorgan, BMO, and City National Bank, as lenders (collectively, the &#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
with the remainder due at matu<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 mill<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 28.5pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
&nbsp;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 was <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 forward for U.S. tax purposes. The Company is also subject to examination in various state ju<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 18pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 54pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
  <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
The Company<div style=display: inline; font-family:Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
(k) plan which is available to all full-time Landec employees (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 strategic business units. Based upon the information reported to the chief operating decision maker, who is the Chief Executive Officer, the Company has the following reportable segments: the Packa<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 (in thousands, except for per share <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 controlled through voting or similar rights are reviewed under t<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 be recoverable. Recoverabili<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
offset a portion of the <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4.5pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 components, net income and Other Comprehensive Income (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 52%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 72pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-party customers for shipping and handling are included as a component of revenues. Shipping and handling costs incurred are included as a component of cost of products sold and represent costs incurred to ship product from the&nbsp;processing facility or distribution center<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 months or less from date of purchase to maturity as cash equivalents. Cash equ<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-out method) or net <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_RelatedPartyTransactionsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Long-Lived <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
&nbsp;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompaniesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Company made an investment in Windset which is<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionDeferredRevenue'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NoncontrollingInterestPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 1pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
elapse before a particular matter, for which the Company has accrued, is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies by jurisdiction. While it is often difficult to predict the fi<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
-tier hierarchy for fair va<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 81pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -45pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 81pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -45pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
Debt Iss<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 w<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 fiscal <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 will have upon its consolidated financial statements and related discl<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 w<div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 52%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionMultipleDeliverableArrangementsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; text-align: justify; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsForInvestmentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrServicingLiabilitiesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 28%; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 73px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 67px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=14 style=width: 21474836.47%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=width: 21474836.47%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=4 style=width: 181%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 8%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 14px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 116px; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 52%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 70%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 85%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToForeignCountriesByGeographicAreaTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 55%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times

Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 40%; text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

Times

Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: Times New Roman
Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfProprietaryPlatforms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_ReclassificationOfDebtIssuanceCostsFromAssetsToReductionInLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_ReclassificationOfDebtIssuanceCostsFromOtherCurrentAssetsToReductionInCurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_ReclassificationOfDebtIssuanceCostsFromOtherNoncurrentAssetsToReductionInLongtermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_AdjustmentForUnrecognizedExcessTaxBenefitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_AdjustmentForForfeituresTreatmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_AdjustmentForForfeituresTreatmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_ReclassificationOfStockBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitsFromFinancingActivitiesToOperatingActivitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=lndc_OutstandingOptionsAndRSUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=lndc_GreenLineTrademarkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_BuildingsAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_BuildingsAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_FurnitureAndFixturesComputersCapitalizedSoftwareCapitalizedLeasesMachineryEquipmentAndAutosMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_FurnitureAndFixturesComputersCapitalizedSoftwareCapitalizedLeasesMachineryEquipmentAndAutosMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsLineOfCreditArrangementsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=lndc_DeferredTaxesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_HAbasedBiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfProductSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_BiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodExportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_PackagedFreshVegetablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_ApioCoolingLPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_ApioCoolingLPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivablePeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueRecordedUponShipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueRecordedUponAcceptanceInForeignPortMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueFromMultipleElementArrangementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=lndc_RevenueFromLicenseFeesRDContractsAndRoyaltiesProfitSharingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsLongTermRevenueGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FairValueInputsLongTermExpenseGrowthRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_FairValueInputsIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInRevenueGrowthRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInExpenseGrowthRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInIncomeTaxRates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SensitivityAnalysisOfFairValueOfInterestsContinuedToBeHeldByTransferorServicingAssetsOrLiabilitiesImpactOf10PercentAdverseChangeInDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CumulativeEbitdaAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_ContingentConsiderationPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=lndc_SeniorAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_ChangeInMarketValueOfInvestmentInCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentInNonPublicCompanyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=lndc_WindsetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InvestmentsValueOfSharesWithPutOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfLeasedAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=lndc_ComputerCapitalizedSoftwareMachineryEquipmentAndAutoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_LifecoreMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=lndc_OOliveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodProductsTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_BiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodExportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_HAbasedBiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsAndNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=lndc_StockIncentivePlan2009Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsAndNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardequityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=lndc_Range3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsvestedOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalizedLoanOriginationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DebtInstrumentAdditionalBorrowingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CreditAgreementWithJPMorganChaseBMOHarrisBankAndCityNationalBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan4Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan6Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_IndustrialRevenueBondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan4Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_RealEstateLoan2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan6Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=lndc_CapitalEquipmentLoan6Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_ExcessTaxDeficienciesFromSharebasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossible'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=lndc_ChangesInForfeitureMethodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=lndc_GreenLineTrademarkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_DeferredTaxAssetResearchAndAmtCreditCarryForwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnTradingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfRealEstateProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalLeaseInitialTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalLeasePeriodAfterWhichBuyoutOptionIsAvailable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalLeaseMonthlyLeasePayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_CapitalLeasePercentagePerYearByWhichTheMonthlyPaymentIncreases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentRemainingMinimumAmountCommitted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_PaymentOnPurchaseCommitments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=lndc_WrongfulTerminationAndWageClaimsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioAndPacificHarvestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioAndPacificHarvestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_LegalSettlementAmountToBeReimbursed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_NumberOfInstallments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=lndc_ApioAndPacificHarvestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=lndc_FirstThreePercentMatchMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=lndc_NextTwoPercentMatchMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_TW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_BE'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_ID'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_JP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=lndc_AllOtherCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_PackagedFreshVegetablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_FoodExportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=lndc_BiomaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lndc_InterestExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'








MAP


-W=E_;'P6[%KX=1?=%U!+ P04      9E I+F5R<(Q &  <)P
M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!

MG!AOB%1#?HY$QRDY&E)31SB.\Z@A51LNYV9NQY=S=I5UU=(=#\2U:0C_NZ8U



MND?@$0(-B$C9'@0P)+#&'AT_FQ\1/*(V/J(%%Y NXQ
?1D1


9%%N?%U.DC.)51XFLY(;:UF'RL








MY%B3*0F0-BNS5
88HV0YZC1'22B;0=J_(NI

M\CSGA!N


M1=GRT3&7^IJ'9+Y


M?&'L !D[ETH'$YDMD;TF
EO4%E(:.U9%N4NE@WG

MU[:


4;$4#9JB8OE(CH*Y;T Z






.&; 
 


&&; 
0.&&7#
@&$&'#-@F ''#!AFP#$#AAEPS(!A!A(S$)B!#.\:8 82
M

)&8@*(.O$C

S^.Y./[U=^J]J7

__


^4#9*Z\Q%MY;2SJ^]6LA^@P 7M6X



M 8X&.!F@/BQ3B3Z:$@E4Y(P.'C.7VR/U&PHS* ^_4D%]UGI-G@Z7T5N1ACFX

4!IC=8\1=02P,$%     @ &90*2Z5,CX$7!0  PAD  !@   !X;]W




FGM





Q5XSR&4-^+%\5;A&0DWCG9DP$XE#


=N*L=3'9B:/]2BN%VBU7IEIH8!^$
M3-

ML2\Y]EV

IP$:T&

MFYW]?QKZQI4')(D8DI*#K7@VK=(20#OI%
*3OB&P-29N2C;4VCC)$44B




M'K1*#5N

M:CSXG:'A*#MX7#D8Y^T?&R8GS5Q-\K_(@-(* 0JE,!:*'^R!4E-(R_CK
M:P;3DH8X_W^O_M5ZUUY.1





\.AX%H[
67J.3G7AF/L^S46T^Q.=Q%






L..7M9!-7HAVEF_9N-RB[A\TPJIJ[KW
A


:I1ED6@:):09@D)%CC*
M0\PBP2A/AS%.)(:.Q!1 )9;@U@BAB2B22*!$S&NPB1?%$:@-(1D!-+3

M$[& X787X[2&$1C@Z0C(B26A8TF(6






G-#Z
I%*4I

MES8BX+Y#*$:Z*4J(P&VJ(E1-I).$H6+TBB+TBD+K3S2N$A76-$(+$\--
8&+
MM8[0+

P8GP0.DH:$Z!O841L(?R@LJ9:*6

%]XDD*(8IC7%


GL(]SS : _
M\_)I=ZPF#T5=%X?N'






E+#=F0<  *HN




8OX?\
MLRA_+]IB\M3*]$%G4TA?QA3I2ROEH.+EH%60?H;I9Y!^'J6?R;9H8V3ZTBN-
MGL92D3FG[N4@RY!TCDFG<ND793

M=%P')1KD
CDT%!!47G2(J;R3XVPY[!86@:E' 3;$U*,D@F1.
MCN93T)VY!+B1@HHB@)G.80P8-@MKP.2C@!UB\E' (<FN-XZ+((4YH0\%%36
MH,0^PUYA9A^E0) 7]*XL^94QG5 )16)52%$S@(W'26T]-P.@XIYB$E@4)
MH (@\DY!%8(E

O--Q1C/.:,*9N#?3$D-T;C3,Y4FI<B,[H (


X&!I8TTGN@:.3Y[6N8#G0%V
M*H+*3T4N!5#GN%)3CR@@600

M8N2!00LN.YL:C
MO)&O3E0:LVHOBJ=D


M]@G?[#





+9G\=@.(K$\
MTVL^[K



M+GAM;&U3VV[;



M7V#K #X!^!6 C86B\F?A19Y:
J<!?ANT\*;]<)DE6)!(DGPCN

U5@Z[A-CA2FUW&3%]%Y81]YO)./]'';OPM;M]J1D_%XLW'^





M[E=W
MXB
TO%)2C+M4(&ZAS?;@['-



V

FR\E

MM0
O);GR(]3Z#S8; FH7CM_\V8QC-AI.=]
/(O


VF



]%X*#6=+7*\4MZ\GD&;(Z9:^.1Y%T_K@8$76\09^@O_5
MG2U:;%:IA +MA-'$0IW3N^WQE 9\!/P6
+C%F81*+L8\!^-[E=--2 @DE#XH





96Q#M
WJ'W6FP_IQF[!J$)










GVSF.$FTC?SZ/O=LL!V46 ;!;;_E+C_4N(2



M;-%B
TO9*MN-9I8J#+ZD!Q/NQ ? WZV,+C%F81*+L:\!N.YS.@F ()A0\

OSC?U+K!UKN0@'CT;^:DO?9/1 20F5Z*5_

3

KF





M




-\=&7-% TJX&].!QIO*64\FK9FKK
@RDA2DO$DN65*M)KF
M:?2=;9Z:WLM6P]D2URLE[)\32#-D=$



M*&;^17B1I]8
?);<JN06CG$8,7V V
M,X*A^ARKX4X\?_H?)V^7<UP&^G;9?3#?EU@MRJPBP*[?TJ\^U3B&N;P*0A;

T.5*87L=)7GCG@;WG\4W^PL=I_R%LW6I'+L;CR\;^5\9XP%22&QRA


M=@ .O4FA;($[Y_HC(;;J0#)[HWM0_J;11C+G3=






0B57Q.=@?*ERN@L)@8+2!07AMQL\@E)!



M!M/$:;*DQ*&+D[SR+@/[P..;O





Y9RX
V8CFQ;8

MVPXU
5#G]#$YG=. CX ?'8QV=2:ADBOB2S ^5SG=A81 0NF@O#;#9Y RB#D
MT_@U:](E9"NSV_J'V/MOI:KL/$\F=7N3:G1THJJ
4@W3..GVNYT#)7/P7
MN('T\))CU&BM'$EY6 =JEG%IZ+$Z[1W.N[C=)/RF;9-X#.!+X1CC
.F0#'S
M#\*)(C
X$C/UOA?AB9




M7MO9\YJ(+9-S3S1B-@.&;C#OB
2R7U



M ]P/%B]F.@ @,J0#G _(&#U



BYX;6QU5=N.VR 0_17+


#
SDG52O

=DX_@RD\:CI'!_G=_;/?O-V

K-R^R



_BC\/QN\MM9;D2[G.;DYH@&S



ML_;81@'C EZG?]\!.ZZ;^@68X9PS%X9T

M4&;(Z):^.9YDW?C@8'G:B1J^@__172Q:;%8II8;62=



]'RB9BO\*-U (#YE@C
(H%U=2]
X;
M/:E@*EJ\CKMLXSZ
-\EQHJT3^$3@
^$0X[ Q4
S\H_ B3ZT9B!U[WXGPQ-L3










M971S+W-H965T

 !
M5FW











8%2)'UM($7
+_ZH[(K

M+49S\3_@#-SG1.;HY1<^R\J!VVDF%6L%4'?IY%U?ARGG=V%%B8D




@EWPGGANZT;;
M!

MES(+0EL0




KV43/\Y@%!#AM?XDGCA=6-]@N1I






 V*K - MN_6DRN
M6HQA_E



O


V8)DYD;UT+DO


-





M]CZMO OK..M?:'$G0GTBDF0L'Y([.LR+0:D9[.OF?^BC=[ZLZF]
EP%.&;
M





M'V/M6


MJL%YHV853$7QUVD7.N[C='
\S+1M0C(3DH7P$..P*5#
_ /WO

M\

MT]/-#--(3]?TXV%;(-L4R*) ]D^)]^]*W
*\#\)6/55@VSA-CE1FT'&25]YE

6


Q+GAM;)6;ZW+;MA:%7T6C![(.^Q/5.GE:





M)C!] G-
H-79!+9/8
ULN;
MJVWU/MGN\7Q=ME% 73:IFLS;JQTLW
MU/R






M




@T+I \2
Q4*&B*^:F

MFOLEY&HP2_6*Y$'(U2/(G6L)I;-\_J4)E!K
&CV!4A
H]0@HYUKRIK3G?@EO


8^
M'Z


42= U

MP *



(QW(/0OLSFPML=P&
J(G$;$]8]VB!1_B5B_W&N7
MO@= 8)(VVR'MWD#2RRB<@!@FB+?)M(2C*
M7T*AB,QL MN]DTC;@I6(@!HDJ*!$2,0 (30':HMR%PC$EC!%6:A2(20T
M1PFJ+4BWC@34*$$%9H%(D;X?<U1

M$9#

IDBD7%XB)(L1\)R!PK






R+GAM;(U6VXZ;




M*2ZH_#72


M$#Z0\A1S;UD76HV%1L


M965T
S

:_N+]:OXGBPA2251MTB9%G;:^=L@EH!K,;=T

MREHLY)9=$.\9X)


MZ-\#S\VE%BJ BKS'%_@%XG=_8'*'YBRGIH6.-[3S&)RW_F.XV6=*KP5_&ACX
M8NVI3HZ4OJK-]]/6#Q00$*B$RH#EY08[($0EDAA_IYS^7%(9E^M[]B?=N^SE



A
0QH;$7/9H\%
M+G)&!X^-_VZ/U4





MIALCVZ4L6!6B.#(LTZ1&'(2)/AX68WXZ'O*]B

X2/]-6
2/(QWI







SU7&6Q?0C
MQ&U4N!4UA:.F0-XV[.# #L[MO)U.I-3KM+8X#2*5\@'*

MNV*:VQ&[MO*3N( HHE(^0'7I$K01N.@%+-T4UQO,FW)]XG(__,T1D]7J#LK
M/V@IXQ,TF%@?)Y?N8J#V=F^O*_-@G03)IGVR84\X!5GL#7G@LG@S1^R7EMY
M13R]1&PM\D='/J?E/:E\$7Q7W0&-TT5T_!]02P
$%     @ &90*2UY9-*LX

MGK)77@((YZVI6[YQ2R&Z-4*\**$A_(%VT


M:O%
^Z\PUH-=9RS^.URAEG)%(G
4M.;ZZA07+F@S1I$H#7D;UJK5:S_&O[G9

M7RBC[K6^)[O#I?6:13A.T54%&C7;01/
-

M&!2#)M::5FM\/UYA@\2BOP8VV%*TQH@5D9
(
&S]-XOJG*EZK'%?Z );*R
M1!:61X





MCX?56%2






P;AMSW\78P
X#)N.U
5



MK=D%V:X)

&1<GZ^KPNV&,4^%=^-2UG;B;GU]2NN'RT1?/
M17U!K5\XVZO+MW'^#\#X/U!+ P04      9E I+-
3/MI@  !60  &0


#80JB90?







X+GAM;(U5[8Z;

-'0AH!TB51


 YO)7HAG._EZ*
*9-00
*FT5J'E=8 .
62%C




\N1ZH



Z]1JM]C+(L&&)$/O(=.?ZFX8$3I4-18]@)(:8L8Q:'O


M?Q(ZPC-+V3+H9
L[)*#*O*=@?TP




M^ :3GYV')O

/'?RMP%X500

$+RX] U';^2!1P2^=



R1PJ: G]*=OO

SK
R5')&:]GY@
M[A


M ( 


M%
Q72)1$:II.F[1)5:=MO]W$25 !


M3R)^-4]

3O@ESYS;VG4GFA]%4MONU7



ER
(V
4TI.1@3(RH!H93# #68
M@97'QL6@VZYBW%R'87TI.:@U!R0FL


@UJ&7 Q!!1E/D !6Q/
CN(0#D-I$!?9*SRS28

GZ



ME:6+2#TN?

/,SNPK1W?
M1^=$OHOKFC<)4=MJLO_&+SQ1\)*)BK$525']M[;G0HJT\:*HI-%G_8RSZGEM
M_-_,8 /<&.Q!J0Q(*T!(H
&7F/@C36@C0$=:^ W!GYKX WB68-G8P
$C4&@

MX&O)U!B_PF1U

 ''?B/
M]\W?[AO.H$8&(@!@4(M$#/JRX8!6@P R$M;(O B,CWQT(%(*!0B0MK76
M)H:PGH.7%CK7 
UH7
-7=F!SMU0A@EU2/ . %-%)(7

M&T*. :U _:%@44*F*A%?WZ
0B/7%@34)C1E!0)40^M%P0% (3/7R4:-\
MB +Z]QC7I01+#@(T!_L]+F Q09:,+V@)P


M\HIV-ULW=R]H\EJU8MK\


I3DV'ZK1M\OP?4$L#!!0    (

N%G QY3^





9O
MZ_

27BC


MO*D!O@KPIP8$*B#X'\!& T(5$$X-B%1 -#4@5@'Q(
#IGE];$.ND3A:S4IRM

MZQB?T3[F#F%8'W.O8P8L#T#- ++1(6'8ASPB+=X%X\AYO4PNA9-+6P*O1^ /
@.YW^&VP<

 '!-&@Q!$FQH

M 7
_CNF)C:#8:$(Q17HQA2XHID@O$H3; )PWT@4Q%![KPCT# 7&QJ;J @@P]
1<8\BV#3(LU/&W)
MT&V&NF1L,&PT!#B-9U@3+8: GS$&TS.G0+U*MD?48L-A^B.HSV'.P4*M*&

(<*QG*38(



M2P
$%     @ &90*2YUM

0_F\-E/4K





MIL9\:/+#1+)NO+_0=(F6_P%02P
$%     @ &90*2^2JRRIQ P  TP\  !D

I+P/:9F3
V9YR97V7U6I^$4
Y[

M^[SV_F]FV(#V!O11 ]8;L
& L/\:!+U!







W3V1;A5TPO


ES
MWT)[0Q^__ M02P

R



@C(^0;,338&2/1WI!,&!J!D8005[DF](P!GXK *K]J!JCXY...+8

M/'D0'/V)+ANW@BR!
!'HD3

?5PZ6S*9B93&RBF#' %4RDP!6$

\

$4#_8U!VMP-+&OX-BR'%B62@6@J=+ L5TYL&OD

PEL6@%
2_72-9G[
_OZB8T]V&/WZMXP!?:M ):D:KT_

;-GB4WV.
FK_



3O+Y^UY[)X$4PKWE+5ZS\

*.(9@ #:0\M&5?&3:
M6/4


31!


MQT?OO^E^^/R6-_NB;IU7QL7



MA(-!^%F#:#(?AMT*7G]:G3+NTGJ9#DOBZM3]AUZ25HBPQJ&FC7#G;]TGW7

M4XCR88SY0C&!D&/
EO.#?



QPZN8SIV/X
?&
M@JTI+E8BLN4#/B_ /LT(B +[)%2SY%(:3%PSN%%2EJT!2Q[ I40**94@^*

)L@.OSL#(
QBZ

85Z (V46DUT&_+:


]D9)B

MIF:&IR(RAP.TZ(;@J2@8*I)L!=VE
WF_4^IOS?Y
RN
YKYS7HJZ+K+NA.!1%K9MZ_8=F

M.!3%OTJ4]P*^_@=5&JEI--J5=J5J5KOS3!.WB09%F@S^^T7
V$Z^-.\]





M'[$6BY P3CF45Y
X!8OSS.B!.0R

CHS*5/K8VDJA))
L8]UL['_8-D*RE9
M-N^]



X4PN4J@V7




M06

HGX 8%$B1662T=@HE5H&2&QKTGD:WP9,4+7W:2C
MC&=90)EN+/-S$T3I0(Z5V-(DLC1NQB,T/:D@\F4#CI2RWH$/XH@KB:QJTGD
M:MR



$%     @ &I0*2[U?9?5N




J%<Z125713=T]

M:(L  

MNN


MQFCZ^3J' V:AUZ#)QHT*A+K?41@/& 9^;X
M(V W5Q 

M%L33:XII/&1%80H#*0R@9 $%TN0P) 





L
+Z&41! 2V!X+Z!
M@
:1A24$B6BYP('[ 9HW!(3RD$-GYX1(AFD9LI));V^$.ODQJ*.]O+1^!D]V
&ULC5C9CN(X%/V5*._3\9+%08#40%&








M.-P^NNB=JI



VK_S
5DH[K2_J+Z

M[MON
5'/]7].+RTU5E?G0;7^]OY_U!+ P04      :E I+?5N?L68#  !(


RYX;6R-5]%NFS 4_17$^PJV

Y!.VI$?G.!%5E0
.0

M:M'(J]?TNWO*NX^(W$=Z\;==IUEK
Z97I]6]EU42QHO@TB4:
(\]ADXP]!:Q
MA@CV#@DT@9$%15E0$Q_=L. 6BQ[##:8VFB)P]!B E%QQ+F##$/),(1,8I'I
M,?%DFD^4$XL+ DI)@E.)4H10B6UJ$1@EBBA++.X0%3

M&$/)41;9FX2@DC1AMZ@-G(\QG]'^7(0']M?-H=K1VEFKQVBK/$.@
;.)V+

M4P@4DXAPQRDD#I





ME6@.IAQKO:T\UZJ[*T]Z^Y)OK4L^4Z!9_0\TT;5@@HQH'F]58O ^15]C?L^;

M_0=02P
;FGYTJLEB;QV+OE<=QMLZ*$L][ONAE\5)[B[G==M3L9RKDTZ37#X5
OBV7;A^Q4BF<J.K%+&YG.5:IFF5





MUI
RCK&(1)!(!(@(G& *$TSO4$(QX6S24S*.L8C

W\.[1
M4%_

MXR;#+82=H^7,. 3$2$S#K+)8#-AP$W8T/A@.V'W^ D$A7T]XR;#+841CT%

MC$T%NQ.G[A2QH='!GL*IIP U 6$JR*IO%&-3P=[$D:/
!E)@1^' 4:9$#;*=
M_H?Y!L@F@SV%(T\9FL;84SAU C Z

M6H6



!%7P7Q &O^##0I&ZJJI5:





S4OI5&]9EI3_

3-Y=2QRIS2[A?N9






 
5):F#7$\#$BA@AA01XA) C&D&?$7R&O&*])
MR#4K'

WF'NPM!GOF^E+X9 IB07 /@%6A7BA[J@)?
M U5/DZI&&1!X!@22 6LJUAB&L)Q*Q)H8,H*^5ZD*U@U[]%Q! AI-_]LZ8
M.@2F $*TLK(_J664%X7G12&9E5;4&
9R)

.4R448;44464?$84/H94/NAP'NJ/^4P46(8
MK#&!G =G*@)'*L)=O/@D



4MW=2
M




MM\ZK[H[8&H_9[ LV_LAF3]CX9^G/GJ2/?&DRU'S!9)J0FB_=E;?WR]G+A?F?

M:&5E='



MHC'3;W=C-IN7V3S3Y:_U[GG&&9L$9T/4818M!M]@4(\(-'N? D
I%M@)Q\
$
M2Q=!+

R6'+


MR&K


8_8'^)Q\\0?H7'

W&_
MR
5.F5NN[ZMV
&P72AZ[H3?H)^_9/U!+ P04      :E I+29OS(:T  !F


MU(ES';PV=:M6X4GK[CZ*U.[$&Z;N1
=;\\M!R(9I


M^E?W*



MA?45-*


M!-#UZ4DKA9D!4LR+US@5$9HY-



M!!0    ( !J4DO!JA;TP(  


M=#4Y+GAM;'V646^;




*
W0:7V
Z


M(%+.J?\.(2K!TXG:P$2+!*0[31PYP/L;40C_]-HOO: 2_\$N

M8P+2
HN@\S
T%!0^$J++4P1X8T3PLX)/-CVLL^ &$%\XD0G7UUIK8-[Y\0


@W\;S6X(1D
P&?SD4T
X&L(/

M80ZN
MHV6A-,-/XDP*(Z%.*P)9B$QCVX#[!UE2$\G.E$!HAPBM=8;*']W5
M&2WJU)I$:3JE22-Q@+P%K2G+4FC(=J;
]\)XKKO#CJS8D04[7F!K33Q/Y)O4

M


+JJCP1PK&@])[$OE:BVTZ3!I^X'$(QIKKGZ DG_=A.P=33
MB_]02P
$%     @ &I0*2QJPNJJ: P  






M&;/2
7X2RYAO-]1YQC?=1R^2,-* ;Y2T%7PI0J)TFV/3M

MHJ+L](6.


XPV;


M#34
'@;$PUJ_ B3E%3'O!S#=K6 6-NP'
#@.


M#8




BYX;6QU
ME-V.FS 0A5\%\0!K
9.PF:=O#F3OBUG6$_SL!96/N^NYCX:V]-E(OH(;
MR!5^@OPUG+F*T.)2M1WTHF6]PZ'.W4_^\91JO1'\;F$4J[FC.[DP]JZ#;U7N



@X&QT^[?U ]!'[1ZSVIM2+9BO
-U6\4*OW


)@O!@IP16

FQI%9*NJ/X_G;#TMU?S(^2:(M!



!# OPKB?05C P8ED=J@:9
VJ=JT[9DF


MHP'_S0@@P$9#6SV@SX2FYJB5.5F)?C5$_WJ=J791@G.OD[([2YMF
Z.U)+

M)[$ZK=4A201#

$@.0



MX@T31_L^2F_'SZVRKDW$_2.\C?(B



MADJ_.7-14J6/XN+)6@ ]65+)O
#W9UY)B\I=I]9V$.N47Q4K*C@(1U[+DHI_

M6
3O AKYL'=

=
&:4=!Q_.U&W]VF(C_N[
-XYH/V]-S5]$EI&N?F:
MMCVG2Z/U-;;.@F3U+L9H0ZS;3'!
M X;T$^K]RXS



1$QQ-$

N]&UM[]0SYPITC/Z3[K1<
MS^7^P.LS':N]Z(=3NU!\;H;O%X__=?_ 5!+ P04      :E I+*83PB:X!
M  / P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

_BM1


#T2225HSO=K=

M(1AF7TOP:R6._#\ZOT[?7U6X3_0/_RCD[Q3.F#QA3

M.YJTAIOHNFWW/ WT#3ZOZG?A.FD\.=N OR4-K[4V  K9W:&'E_'ZBAH0S0_
MHNWF'9F=8(=E_=GZ!JN_4$L#!!0    ( !J4DOP8B?\R0(  +
*   9


M:J5HJVZ?O8F3H 5


X*


(R(+LQI L
M@X.(0)^1YL<//F-8( 8%8D @L1+5857S4:#TL*STKD%4'G@)<7PLMP#E*SP
M)A*0@/$G0/PI+) NF
!'289!!F%%CN.P@*AIC0SM$.1DU\=AD8;P;$.Y&Q
M'!3(9QC.1X9#9!G.QU90Y

MIG
-P7(OH:7Q=D9SC;Q82!B6*&  -3$FQ6J-P3@YR%QBIP! %:
7;U!S
M3

O8;= D  -8X   9


M_[5X:IIE[^_IY&5QV7]:+E_/!X/%W5
S'2_^F+TV+^TO#[/Y=+QLO\X?!XO7









^@1J-
FR
MR?H94-'P\?NJ,07F1O4QA#8:O454*$L68W? .5#8)'P'5.2E;C*(AX*6WK


MO@'(&#8PWX%/EL_CD?2)L_[H)+4&5%P;(K6P)CU!XM%G(E#KD2+-*LCZY+


N^I$
MU8ARI



NM.M9;GZXW[S-%*HV42IDI&:EO46Q0*D%P$.Y!I2+03FK
8I6





AFMHE 6*13/


MGFX 1KI[FJF/



#

MLX7GR3@3B$VXB4LG@G:*.#AWEJ_ET6M*XC044&3EX1S W&$(YVXK*NG
MYI3G(( 1*MF!J8\SN;N*2CJP
Q5!+1GIKMQN&N$N8K2H4!39244628@#(BKT

%EE

PPMT.3!W 34-%
MOH(BND&*KL@TMDPVU]O

M!2E(XA&I:P2)IUL'!Z^/3)OYX_I5M$7O;O;K9;EZ'N[@ZOYUMW=F]?H)NWY-

M\\;?M_'\\?EET?LY6RYGT_7[


M56

M;OV.HU/V:!_R_-QSG&Q[4'&8/21G==*_[)
T#G/]F+XYV3E5X:XTBB.'NJYT



ML]VC[18!J4AM\\)#J_O:J2BJ'DP_BW]FG?NRP

R=YW+:YBI41+]

MZ%#B\'=U/9[*Z[7V?S/##6AM0.\&NN_/#%AMP#X




M

M

!4IAC&#?6


'O7,:)&P!%;S!O0=-;2XD5Z(P
ME.B#
1A6B&@F%T@8]
BD*.-PV7Y?/F! ,)Y1GP1 M_$8X2BG@^H=(C#1@0
MUQ2A/ K+/

]T9$!\

S
MWL FQ#T*)N?$A+YI#1MK'Q*5#Z4R0P8A@(
P1Z+2TQ2(#LG/\XG!0)1@JS




OVKBBVZ]5WZ7 X^6Z=E]6?_ORO

M=_6NS:ME^Z_?;?_\K]]A&]Q.DD8_UM7VKH5&EL6R^_6/^3Y*9W&4#I-I][N_


S;:.F6!3PT/6J

M^]T6?XTJX*5M\-&+7;NMUS#SIE@1EV[ORDWXT8^T0L=6)KPBNEX?RORZ7)5;




M_RB6KZ-T&H_F\S@9C^D P9_):!8/YQ-]N

M%BBA8=A D7Q%AF )%)$/]7;(DK@AOO8W.95^0\Y%&_RMFSQF'[U0&1AS^F





M75L@V3BOXSV[VP;%2I[%$::DPSORR

(X6
=

4M%] ?L;4Q[NESADA]T*7G



*;1T:%W'GL.




&R;1W7H]V=\#?



M8@

1J)%IP5]DG@=-%54K




MO:IO]VJM)D@#TLDF;[85*!R#Z O

M!4TZ!@('?9
M'7!S7+RJIA4S6B@9EF \9/ZSW@O$A[D4^]?+=\:J!$VKU M7
;!486;DOC ;
MR







.3L&]H;?%JN;L[*.XA.
MA$.KK]VFZ;TU7-# =U4/-, V\AR+@FP%D /ZW6MS-MI66\*.[N%07+.\H/ G
M5EE&9ZWR*&JU3I=E +.VW




TU+8R4B@&==!L&*%*DO(D_B




5WH6W(E

MJR5Y]])A

7L11



T/B
MD'XS^C&]CA2'?[#W&O50?*0PS
YJUFC6)4
?BT@

MK)%*14.KHUTZ#






M@B0[U0IARM726(M2V ,U'S':ANNC6^3 R=;[@IG4Y\X3C,XC'#YB*
6]@:

'(R:YS&5*]_%^G (Q]*Y:+RXB^B7IMP6=!DZ

M
GHE&?(KV;C_BN5J^#5V.
=W1N.
WAD-DT@B=9!S&!NA?L8&
S=4IR./H.*-

HMT!*YE%!*X.LQ5J? @MH4



M\OFN=]2^)LR-A'SGQU9@3! D)\O@?XDTB!^I&YKL\.;46&N(AT+^J:@^8^



R


MSE





M45C_I&5# Y 

M8A3FQ&VR*N'9I8/^T3.-HIYI1)47S%^Y(A*%Z[W8JY68 .U\A[EV8P/ ]Z#\


Z.O9@V?R!FJKUM0=[?^V#U]0KDO3A(SXHE1U45A




M!01?+-J8


#J;LI0V






M9'TU#V0L$E..8:?'_ ^:EAMM@B*4^#CEDS%M60;W.S-?WR_@O7^7+V&+)[RG
M)]EX
#8L*+@K&O=I

M/*T%VXA7_&[STN5\:=G42OP#&XJ)
:H3_!#J@:!H)!J[@VU8[OQZ=R%S0\
J6JS['P-F!G\L:LQM!<#-]+S;4P<KBVY<5 TJW2Q9.$/


'^)XZ]Z-<.F2B;2V1 4AY[!8]VX4@)FV

Y1U%Y+-=


M01*&MUR$TM/ZJX'GA_TUA_(_R8UN(H'XT0B/U$U_U0JT9BYY2)1JZE:\\$
M!!G


M\L!J1'0A=D]US
X5!UNJ


M3%ITRT0-O&1G2(TN1J\Q6Z5-S1BN%^V&*#CTHN)HZ*[^#@9(AUR]CLY9*V








M_B6Q;=2!&?C1#9%%1O+3;DR..6BO.DF&3JTE1# (L8VW H%GCP9R89$@Y:T+


[@1@%TC_A=;8-#E




M*')F*(AF@W1


M1.8(PK;7J!/^PV4)MI8GO\)&4C-R&_+T*OI SNZ$V3OFLK]&645\QM24&E'_

MPP;QN@I#,EN'*0+)OZ6A.YD]O :4


MEUKLFGM-7X'F-.CU5NI;DPE4=^UYY\&/\^;3$1WP#4L.



7P _?\'_O/7F
MC*G.

IY.!(^H9()#+LBT
%JS_$\:NWSY^U2



M38T8442PIHMX'=S=\G!=?85$9:&PM

MH
8_X58\(/(9@2 LQ7% 28-'B*0?=KMWR=B14_
./PY\I:R98T&LZ*3WI#+]

VO%^9IZ&B;/KWXVK]$.H])YJ-/3+_4&
M%AEM8/*LEH&2/_&K@?FC8+0'$3XP\3:6+0@?OP3AKS1Q_+A $7)MYAY_!*8


M3&W(Z3S4






MI9AR+[

ZQJ :
MEGX2%55L3&3)
U=$MH8*2%CFT&%_ 1-8R=3^$?2B
[G8Y9\+!00
8.()M1$
M[=%N@QM&;T'W
SKGQ
! K#D9#2;2%K0]!\%P

#W9@




M+6I
#[N&4O1\7VCXP9!'.




RU0KR:S:)S$:8+&@43\0
#*7R NR$:6W==$_K_NJA(3

#
MI2FE)'((K&-N=[O.VBD*'GUP*S'SP=3\
WHZ_.G)H)TYRR04MY

 *_7W!85$/Q

IG))122O&TD<(Y3L9(H/(EG<.,!^4ZFT^A[JGRR2]\

[I.(OG4RRT]!.AXX*]831/

2?D#$_QA/.A 1_@H\T&\;B?





7X3+^'
'B$E-)#)Q&I6ST&\2BZ[6/+@V11WJ-ZQOMW/

MXQK-

ME[8O\\DC0YI
:4CTXTCU2Z!P'!+P:9#KTX0 ^YIHM@V
*$_.KK+TSB#?[]I
M89R:;\DD'M+3^(IW1AI2MS6K:[KL3!HX@@%D!UA-DV/Y]0='.
%*#B?C$@$
MF0UFQQH!&66*
+385^\/4*$]5V0!2S)KAH'YDB9T
F?^&.0=$_5ZBG+R+U)#

$*A1)0




Z2

VP=#G$IC!K[Q%

M/B#R%7

)OTB$FO
M6ZPB@R+(&!
LXJ=7]V%VG&=UHR'L<I# P3@&?CL:Q11C&2\/](%@.SL]8@D<#<AVP



M:/WLG?/B9XK)AL7S^67K

M9K%
'AF+D,_GRX',1M0E\:#21)-@U
86WXN/69 NV3W9WS**#-DV\?'2=H


F/PU%:$O

M&(-'V]6.TI#N4%P%.4$_]=

M28'P#B'$#;J(V60-$^#$)F34E1WY_IU^W=L8.#;;NZ=N2P9WY&1H5A^)3QQZ

M0X
'



M'V




F!0+
8UN!F.S98OJ :E2=[SG0S%



M\T?X6L+HT9%D@C'HUY

M6'#][MOL1#

\/GI#)\?@?Z4NCE]

:']!AQQDR5F&;Y\F8QS
M:4;^Q:OH4&+'TVS#LB





;C820E
M+:*IP
EI




M%+]U+@Z?NV!J1RW\Y726!'2 8

^+NSP=[4?9JAZD:))_V$\HG<A+-9X1O 'EF
M++*(WG*V#;_$& 7?4#2AH,^3(-JC3SO+=/YV3K9<S?:4*5< Z-0_3F,WG5
M;Q@$ E#IAC\M&DE/3I*_@5GPUR7G&


*

77?*WY
.AH
M0S
&




(/H




MMSXC!_G3U0X*0KUE21KFH2.%MY$S[EA6AVF
$/+Y7EO123X2]0%&T+WSQB

MYLUM(8(]I@I!6?XVKSB=PR+'V




C#6IB
D]7U0:E$N3(0BFUCB4WQN^YJ0




MFB/2\%ZMM1,C&)$U7J?FY
:RQRN9M?YZG2F!/. @UW]6U1WS;YYHY%/P]]
M=EU2Q4A3\UY35VF:!)P+50=DZ7$]_].N 1PXV6.\:YSO&BV1 U]6@Z!_7Y




SC&SQ@UH+1Q6G*B YG&
G&-35&


<S@B$R)+4FS(,
M8TQU49.$AX(YJ PX_BOI()S-NDR3L9^L9-Y/*=5'5


:!6R$?'E
M(=P A]GN;-XA6#V*G.-J&H^!?8?(=T0//$:^^%2??#/_W*1C/LET68R/T.YD


RE'AU$24AYWP:R?%


9&5XSI



!M02R_9C_ROBO

^U'W8/*'[
%8
[P@]^9\.' YS^=#_9:&H3))9P^
M7.93X3@I;R!*1G0G@YQ+#.V(2 '/C@7%2GM^FG)F5@9I\T&W

MG0X'4[[:AH-$/B#L\)




03-4WF

MN: 




N(S($M*R2/R1)N%


V7D8ZEQ92XVV.BBI.+E
1541T_
M\EX$









M8-2!![,,T9 #O23%R-DFF [[K!5;V,C?"%1N=<1:GN2_XW/GL)T$A[ZLMB0
M4%=K)*_(<[OVD1=5L+65+'7127!%F@^?!V:3M-@N;&R!.O4O&1E91E7EZ4Y
(R[DOU$]15EYUBDYQE$
)+Q/#Y1)/B0;V^9KFS*H
7*WY
2VF7%H_DO7
M_B'Z9VN:U-IZW[X\9!B  Q/S.KEAF]WQFU $&C@

M:+W#Y'?(/&\QLYZ= P[YY@8QU 33EF-!D6 'J0GFUE^O=M#91=$VO0R\(.A\



)'6CO]&.0(6
S(W)]

%8&Y]N:CK\BPA=,$RF0#S5G#'26
M$(AF:PQ;QK:N,8,B,#TR M^(;A:.540] YJ@Q(2V.HX3;PF,GX&O=6W#M;IN
M, 8+,Z'837WB.,W@!6/X2=:EGUAK(&V];5=86+ QNNNY\Z%;T\*+D1<HX



88@D=M;-R@1KQP.
MK^MQ*.$.RP[SVU728


M%JT-*PTW0/
Q&W)
0E-9B]9D5FE(@(M%LG:VE*F8=Y+/%\S]EO 1RCQ+35+K


MSB:ZFCB:









PTK-E&E<<?X)\5B]E8#^,;C2'FVZ--1T#
MM9D3
F
7'EQ(0M/=V@V4[\&\%
]%O[QS\5S/P(H=:L2[155:1Q%3?%2K$IY=
6V:(*\)=$$(#AG:Z:RT^
M=.T\+^: U=-):%B#3X#Z
]U!279@3S+C1H\;/(D]^(EWSBZN@/GV/

M8A'-[$8

M:-FNR0!)6-/KR7?G&&(KJ3&WA;$COJGSAM2?MR60-.KS/9K[)&4]8TIXQI;1
7<P:%#C&EADZGRI_&0RH]U
4@X;Z@03#=QA.[ATP@.5







M[B 8B4!]Z[JYY\SXM!QPJ'\


16W

N]+QH]%B@%LNS7*I*JZE-R$$=)I+MOO7 GBA'K3BT&]VOE:0U\*G0




::2D^(S.Z-^MP\+37IX

M!YF@5S4V5&)%?0R'4X0XB!






M#IIVWH^S8Y@)#%)MT0W\5.J:U][ .638LJYWM$*JI;)Y]$ZB&9 +^L&R0*

M.0?+F@=6(R()ILO38BY=XJ#/56CK]M^)\')CM[2


MC3U




MV\EH

MZT;$4G@B:G6*S6Y3YDNTDMM
-P3'YNP-)C\ 7^):=$\
KJ1!]&'F
V-R[#
MX-UE(+N8]%DKEIRF+L7=13P+!?^85!W2M<EGY0*RBDAQIJYOMR=[4*0)J77$
M% _DU)5RZO::Q$7_(R)+]-KT@0IY]R/
RI5
)XDW$L:3[
15FU)
  #6V!L
M^

M&2'+5


4
M
FX:K FAP#*R]!1[73G6\D#^)D__T/1N8CNG\^OS(
[92Z3EPOTD%:^
DK4#


AC.HA?X8\X_AO#CKW:-
MT@G\G27X3PK_F+I2^[)8+2-\6/__$M+3#]TU8O#6&ZVCVQ+5\F&P%Y!W%CS(








GQA/5%D
0I0.M;)G(

N5=BB709

MY-2\PX\#7REKYF K*SKI/:E
_]#GE_W[_31YZ244G5#1P^/%;?6WRT= DN9!

M48[/'+MQL*V('\#R@


64#


M


A' 3ODG


=QL&EI34F(RH')9P
A )PK-6Y9GQX6&DB
MYD!57 B3\


!QR]?FQ:\

)MAMULG
MEY^I
\Y6J8S 39^:S1?!H.X+/74SMG9\
M@J%PT.+FAC#9*(_BO4CV9^

M.]%%9E0=';%-1NI+E\KIHDZN -E%_
SP

G)?-EM.PTN0\!N[^FVG!I:-?I6O*2P



S=?
MLJ=K_=[M^:\4JO\[4J@N0'+=
6C32:DIHM W[N7_T7DNCZU$*+#AC8DS4$3Q

ML4W.99C8/Y3O;ZPY?WX@4_QIHK9:=YT2/?H%X5KWW!VSRPZ%AN94V960?S+/
M?BNO:7[@L40U0TP1Y?P*&0_V;K9:KOZZ5E9_NL9]K0NT:176!13AKM3[O^19
M;EL:?0G&];W\1'.!GDK/)U7GDYY.OBOO2O[_]XCNQR/J-&RDP4'@ ;WU&2=:




M.L([EH] F4!]?)!OE#@K?^,0H2=O:'2GH1Q3$I8/ +]VL-NNX6#JV7TPSA

3@BPN=A0;L^CFG'.'DQEXYA<1_]*TDQX&TO._KO1K=8]F5

X7XGZF
?KT7OI2JR^I87%;Y

\PQ7K7$Q 3D&W4*],;=Z6<*LX2Z?5'$%Q'WAI$1<*\%%H]*

MR=PDT8\YBPB(L&5N$B92'P*R(EQ2C
XAB)E/!?]%%2!'$JHBN(.\HV(M&G

M^6^32*6XAF19&


M99@(0NV=-

M&&09Z.&ID.&@T63#/ IRV
EC7-CT\/0]^P=K1


$^S(A[[+ E?5$2B8DOK(?+0BH 9X2#H1




M%*!)6(%.=
S0^W

MY



[)+%O299R[
IM5L5]=34'W

1L[S4=L7X+5 *\VU84\!16A1UIIVN9

I'K\ K$S-QX4#E_!G9Q_ARY?PXH@ 
7]ROF
MY$_N



\O:(&X5QJZW/)8X+
M0VH6B.7'6N^/6Z$+5;


MA3J(
AS(%KYU7@BW@9)#F;0Q.*N_D 0UQOX*IA9I5
%1CR(*;HJ4$R(N='
MDJ
]C^.


M+\$

MTEX 5BJKTD4F_8-W9/G/2@[GA
:X4P;?U&V8







2S$C[R-3!:3Z02=V-40 T3*
MT1 3EHIJ6
P;Z+]0: *7!?ZM&141Y1BH4*I\-+
MF:B4<@6A<M3$$,DI,]YR5T:11)F%4YH[



/
2@WF4P
!4)
M+VA!M_S






@MB6#WY=[*J_TXW#^KO
?NQA.K-&B'H0!5S$P;

FU).













M'+;

DU=-$XSUZ][FQN\U+Z7X(7SYX?-P^3Q:7[K)4G^)QCE:O
 9^VT9931



M@(%+LOT:)
P-Z6VYL9H#74
M_/8L;^+@6Z320? ML=* P6\^MY#P?S9))PZ'GKB4%7^-@^EI'
+IW6-P.^A
M]H.B8=A!TQHQWWK2#*JP[5$U'KY%[U?!XR. $7]@==H.DF_9_/IBYK?T^%KX










M/-52^C%5DNZ

[.913CA=L
MM=5

M0(/K$1IN]]&OX7:GBCH3#BUS&L6;#*5'-)W

9U2.P2\;)2[*





QT%XN[ B+ME5CL0JN

MSIW=P6;24?]P)P%IS9


R@5)\




MAIW(QVGN?
P



BS?ZSU#5;NXREE#E\NQ







E-L\ 'PVA?ZI


MZT8ZC&


]E.QPN5HM?Z-#UATL^28C!-+@?DT8ZIKOW;!0%E3X?CP
M*U%.? %GIJBXZEJ#$5:X_:-GV %4%?W0,6KEV;=8A1\]G[
L1]*LKH$;&\F

K W?Q:7)+

 V BH[\Q
=\F4U:XLXJ4









JQ*M(E^!?$H9%ZX9$O?Q4YS

X'OS[


CCV


V.8^K3WJN(
%<:&SCY0GYS-[WVV&$-
M8F LB@DW.3;R;H#:*;[X+*LM(9<@ALH);_8\IE+7=(OJN:7A:3G!\O=Y^ 
M\;6#@L\NN2?1Q2.U\NR6R^QQFRB4^F=&PD
R*%!
G ;=K?JYZT AXIJA
$36

-K Z==B


M+NV\ENBUI/.58^O5XX% 6P:EZ?


3+O[^ /C=;/9)P






MV+DI= Y=&3$
5HC&\!I1LI3$9.6($;IQ[M X4D&%!$H?&4T6&$_]Z
*!&YG3


M]:G1R^%V;(X.OI

-N
;\M&.Q9




YRCAJH[


MYNRSBS:^L1NW655:=L*&3=_




MICV[[M\)
S%VBCV[

M4NP9ER'N)
I<[/S;KV;R9]*]
O
MUBTWL3 3\Z4@ :87YE
7K#

Z-OYNUAYF8
 4%
45OS+=.M]&T]1L#
M@


IH *
M4PA,:9 BHD




:T ?_Z
P$U-(CC(A-Q#?Q\!
3%)H=.S'^?PDQ
(4FA
MT([
:[
P;0LOLTA
(4FAT([

B.7RX0S



M;'/%VDUNVS 0AN&K&#I :

52/1U
M87S:R!!D#-_5 X'BT[=\KH=3VY3CJ2NKM\NY*9OJ. S=EQ#*]I@O=;EKN]R


A\D







$%
M  @ &I0*2P)0:OC^ 0  *B@  !

M3N




H-B88T3V./XNKRAE;VL4NSZ]?K8^ME8;WOVLJFU@WL::B_-)V_-2P#


MYR Y^ (E(JH'(54CF(J1T&5HZC*45CE**YR%%@YBJP15:!(JM D56@RI0
M9!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT215:+(*E%DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HLBJ
M4&15*+(J%%D5BJP*15:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLFH4636*K!I%5HTBJT:15:/(
MJE%DU2BR:A19-8JL!D56@R*K09'5H
AJ4&0U*+(:%%D-BJSFB+).Q[*W[?!=
MD@?G-N_SV?07P:O_4$L! A0#%     @ &90*2Q\CSP/     $P(   L




M971S+W-H965T


(9

4      9E I+0E9M]. !  5!   &               @ $U&0




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ &90*2\)W3SFR 0  T@,  !@
M     ( !PL  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


M% 


3
N

  !D              ( !








M:&5E='


M 0(4 Q0    ( !F4DO"]@'MP$  -(#   9                04_  !X

M+W-H965T

  !D





&UL4$L! A0#%     @
M&90*2ZO62HC 0  -P0  !D              ( !850  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


P+GAM;%!+ 0(4


M:)%F;P

M965T





&UL4$L! A0#%     @ &90*

4      9E I+N+!E&
#   R#P  &0


M2P$% ,4      9E I+Y*K+*G$#  #3#P  &0              @ $PA@

MY 










YX;6Q02P$% 

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !J4DLNN=)\8P0  ,L5   9                ;B@




M% 

AK0(





  # 1   9



M:&5E='

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ &I0*2RF$\(FN
M 0  CP
  !D              ( !(


M-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      :E I+\&(G_





4






M^/X!   J*   $P              @ '%?0$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM
7;%!+!08     30!-  T5  #T?P$    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

      
      

 Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Stock Option

      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      

 Basis of Presentation

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001437749-17-014444-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( !J4DO2=3RC2
 *M!)@ 1    ;&YD8RTR,#$W,#4R.YX

M4))J&X&F -O:O_[-K ()$(5 $DBVV9C9L2U$96;E5V7EQ]_^S]/
5AX(\ZCK


IN_Q_Q6 P/'XC_3CR=3WY^_?O7M\?#S#OYRY;/).:[?U


J[__O]VYTY
M)3/C-UL3QXM\RW0(XKR-USUO<<_NB5CA4/Q?LK(^.
)\M5IQ$1G3YYU$GZ


MW7:OKVH)P')67H-2L/TMF;O
A\_O?



MXSXZ=\3PP%^UKCPO(*S
DH/TDI)WKI:^9P9R^-UB-G+M
DN!@D0+)Q9+O$6\


&P)R.2WN$4*@*$!%RP

[0[5M8I:.C%D*KK@.
M+_T/L;ZYAG/-Z(0Z!C[_E4@HWTM2_D\P





]GOD#M$J!??'79H\$L+_. +LX
&6=#

Q=$)9K)^[CE3BS(:!:MR_S


[[.29YJ*W(51*J&#Y?



M2E^Z#
@


M5*JJ['RQFU26!K*
5*JJU/!HO8


M^G+;



M;WAE:*:VA3I36
%//NFX#%2*6$3Y2D8L

(@GD -1!43ZH4U#3_^PGO5#\HZRIRGE1'
-QP/N%)X8
MXUL1_GJW(H\)ROR\=$1*^!K%?)2%R!I=#^6IIVWM5UT6?WEKX#ZB\A+XJEZ


MW8E(P[:42 !Y713J8-;SL5)(DU*H-WC.!/I[@!*W$CB^]&ZD6K_ B4C5536U

MZYI5Q.T.L#





$)B821?M16<U[IXRD@4!X\




MD
70]DZ-S*+H9\Q'TNCC45N9C[JMV6Q\-+4N&&N%9A^EZXA]3[W\]YF5A^

LK'^^=FX
M9F+5+EZ64C_/!

55=&6.'GS$PYC*WSPI8%%&RC3#.

M^HF(K^E.'&R5!#]R+[RF?-U?NFJG!4:O[FWXI=?KK:];SU;\TM7[ZVLSXLTQ
M\/A ;!&_!M$U^6

1FXI4 )8TG
M'ONC:0?Q:O2



AX#:-?C.]A@O.@W'/\/QQT!


MACJ*3+?[MI2^+7EQ59*A2N[[K@$5WLBF#/A'4@5S%3VNY\Q
WUV*'#K*;]
M6E[6MMGUZD\EG35_
8FXXSXR'(LH_IOF_MW(?ARL_FO#UPU?OSJ^WHO%[':Y
ML6PL)BP7MOMK+&:C65ZW9CDTIS5\W?#UT5K

&CVH_$Y,_M]D+:3_T=UQ;D<3UJ+8A:G6Q


MR3W(X=H.COY[[M1&EPF'$]V[_P C%%OI?#)A9 +6 @P4HV##3&ZPR@_$UKNZ

GT


M)5T7LWA;/=L]IE(!F9[-[F4TB=UQ]_J2LU&V9M)V/F^^YMW+Z&F[V^YU91U/



1]D[#2$?'PTED8B33_NGWZH3^0_B[R]LNC)
MR:=.OSW0

MSI'458*S='N[VB86+(9S







MQTK S59'[\@*LYX+CVQC7/1.9;Y=/5@7C'MUI1[;*Q.$H@9![U;FA&V%Z+ZC


O


M=2B5]&Y//1BJ9:NG_P 







(
&TO3K1EU*/A-!L8EPF4VJ@0UIY  _(WG(A%[


4SZ7\1@U:=O?8'3J:5\-Q:*K@+9

=*XGQS5\


\
BX/C\]






.K)%_(&?!LUZUM(=#^/7X
MEACV%P^;#-TP=TZ8O\@
!0Y/L8V45$$

MJWB$;#60XR+PJ$
\[XY



MHJ?UMV.IR*Z=FW\%U.

\PHX]S#F
9+Q3QD6N;
M/F08RE0001WD'
*2]GQ+T#?B?T

MC1S\(KP&?O*H11C_\SD#
DZX*^3=XD_7X^O Q^;47LCCDVDF572







'/ZXLG

F?@K CR





!D3V!_

MA1LG1RLV= AD.O9)371JI0C%S?H
-M-]= A+V/M'8 _!K1PA\'D?#!L9-O00

M
K92C]


MQ

.FME?.8@DN4#F7RG*I.T#'_#?!

MK_'A84\#9\I%9.

MA+[JYY4\H#


M

.1;6@X\8.9\41GP6SUJEI(('43']T 3C0C0-R@UM&H5Z$[.#13PQX#?+@_










BEL=P)_


##WBNQ#



M=@V62T-1HM



M0]S+$90T&R'BQNP[7&1SY])]:8K\U6N-QC'MSVR
C'2@ST;9!9@;
=-H_N


MOBP+

P03Y!=#@8IG5*76!O


09]@$*:YEY(ZM51PWO


M /\R;. I2J( R7 OIL8#UBZYP#0N6(ZYSYJ/%X#5Z.W&W-FHXJ@F;B#YFI


M_.=M^I&0WBHR2_*34-)XR45LVPH)QNZXB9HT7E*YP:&/H E9

MZD)
KXP


MK*[V)].Z5*8M-QC9Y



MNR.93(8)?+6@GCU^





@+!L


C
Q)D09B2Z3T?00K+5U67J:A^&(
2UBL$O7&Q_&]-GP^=.8<&6!#7
54$J@0!.
+T(



M$JK#C\V%QDICD_
=EIGY[JJ2O'H0?U&'9\G






CK6R,UZGK#EUJ\_#
?_\Y3? L,R[&!.6LHE+ RBX%!#F N/M^;A
M#6M$KZDEB@*YT-9$M. 2]4#J.$JIJ6X[*,AFHIN\0!AVUV@:
)VW1@F'5-3

MC$!TC'
9/\!A6[V-=([Z[;64$1Y.17-CU_P'JZN1V2,K94BN^[YJ/IXXR0


7

M/3+7F:!!PM!6^

M32R?


MM



$;PRJ:.RU*UX
UZ-XC7K@;5L


M


3Z
M0Q$YE#/4
M='L%.86%)7RJ\F2:JN:\)K9ZU_=Z6QZ.I1PO!G7AJK7#S/#S$9
M2






%**U'?6'4@;J


M38A?+&RH&20*0U*;^^@N&A\;]'Q\!(064N(]':3G$SV3WYE*UUXZ]=6WO.

%[]V(.NY[S

MHDN'$Z



5OZ9[Z6^L


/[(7B!:-_1[T\HHMDWQ75
PF6
;G*41APSIER

M@E5/#KXBF2+*W
 'Z(&;






P.
;;K)1C_A;LE4/*J-_&O8IR.6R;UU




M;6Z%U/SFNI;W@X1I35G?O5_





M4W=.K$JW0*Z

^Q_*/R;/;-

0KG$9H+Q1P

/B0G
Q^8N


MC:' &@H=PT[@RTBIMZ)5X[$F^8,OZV@%\=









MX


RPY$R
*+1)3A_7\9CP/%Z

MNIM9/0T/_^%@8R%PG/]#K]/.)G^WGBZX#$WTM?]6S9#5USS-L2[V(+G@W
M5.]-;&.FNCPSYA0[-+CW6.[&OQS(5IO:+.;0W+Y?)'T)Z&Y+NRMW2 BJKU
M7CFMPY%N?*+;-U?8!OZSP3L!R
6:!]2A
;27KC]SM&3.$H5*DGBY8=W.(;(






I[I!/


M4!IF;MW.'0M#'/NW+U+WM]O/ CP?F+W 7\[22#W5TVSU5P

MR









MR&)BXX Y-]VK@


MK?*CV^D='F
+]W


MM78CYHV8OQ Q;ZRY5
S51LP;


';U3FS'V@%E L3D5.


M!'D
2RRE7Z/. _%\+G+44?X)@

OW' '(H[G&XM_6#(2
M0











T&C)CUGK1R&F/;B-CHV@2RY-?PJ

5=
M



MLJZ#81]3_EO)4^
X=._K


O




!7?

M$&O9IRWF



)#KV




PL)I5-W)IR_C!+6C]OJU<$))A9A%



$T(2_F.R
MK9N53%]J6_L]33LTN7

^OHQDKZ71?KC
ZV]S:27


J(.CNRV05
9LOT\



M]+;?O0)I)[(





M6]CRC1_


'M @<_QV89CY;=CDD-1<LWMXJ@.*6GC.$F02H%_P@
MCLL)(M\2CQC,G,IS,)?F^SP B\FB $7Q/\]@#.V1?D0F_!
O?ZU'\:
A$%Z

M/*9NI0VDZE1K2YSX?8)\*(4D QY3F%'WR :AR *LAA[(!Z\'=Q2%@!.6_&


M



M_N3W







]T
7=3$W69**TF[DK




\A8[CH+FPUK+3$#




TCH6_&EP^6J7&*%77N)
M7IQ3L'Z


#BD6?&]T=H=P%!'L]7MOBWE\I0\LI5D
MIY*[OBL ?+D?P0Q;JP!M*M=K1^'U96B&O=#Q2/!Z&4LTNW/



;[
J *401X2N
 YNIN:'Y$4O=::PH)]\TL%[7ENLH+9;
MW6%[;;]K)3H ]
B



/:;'@&$X8
7QX
M@S\UQ(*1#($V_0F++4(/TN*GF.U\*^,C%U&^(^4?@]A/;1#6P+8(('?1HE

U?3%_4(!38*[:5V!
D

]QT.)IG;=W
M?W@XJ




J%&I17A[AG! %(2%K\/%X7'?TNN)1OZZXH6_L






P.A5


M?E1 9TM*@

<Y5?.VA<JO.5VTA/LUHD^.%FZ
1WH5(@AX'ML)(+!2K:



M'0
M089C9=325H
%4!
F9#+!H;P/:4A2Y5%@FT@M*L5RW2$7(E7P%E9!S\2 OU

E$IOV1$*I%K]@VL1HK?MT?*(Z@CR4V+.+?_


MK5)2(

]X]15/_@*G
M
#WC :L=G.+;


M/5]WUF+V

MRC4JE0ZN[^N44CDWJ_6

MTQ=4V
W$=&-ATD+U?ZFRP+8N^

MNKZD_YA[/L#TE=V:#+RH991]B6_3KS=+GQ#^ 7BR3X+0=WF/EV@GJR2TQ] 7
MKQL$6P:


MGDE%M_=H0-^

= 2A([A*QN/VLGN


MABEFW^'8$C[A*$$K71M


F0
MBXX










YC1.M3


=6
B#*KFD[MH%;$CY%

&_05_?'%C9Y%7I4@_WJB
!5'L$?

MH\8

 /1E

MN
/E$KZQ]\XTPW7H


 !
M!$]XGP+DM.()?&($_/OSIZNL04:4!7J8#RMP@A


M




KMJ;N@_B2QFQ
MV@6]4&?(JCHZH


MZV7=



M)*RGC265^#6#I)]$9)^
EAI[




QFZ43T&D


M 6!YIFMX++Q

M20
MTR




MA^W^$NI0&H8=3]PH2]4



MSGOLB8@K7


M22)HX!_FI+6JW@=M$$?5;^?9V\PYFJ0C@8@




RA6RY-IBIZL7+SJY]=O6'

K9=2)*:M]&'OC3+_=H:5W:;*H5]F[5
MV
1WU









M'_80VOR%E_;W2KCQ7/8UA@GL2.TH

 1[P$$Y9^@TY *$=DR:
5ORR*VV+*@I24$[TZ
M'410*RX \



M^3@-W


'Q_*Q*KH=NXR
:N#N*J


!@-#0C)W3C

-L!9+QWNBL2FQ
[ (;8%E7.;5
M@'@#1&0-1L7PM[?*OQ%NQQ\)$OZ-= C_@/!MR7^I;00OR
EDOP53'069#@
?<[_@&%+X4
MBZSAC\D^/
)O()&S7&G?86T;@
E&G!=L#^-QP0R=1Y@RQTX$G0OW!M^V@
M8O;N%KQG'\

MX$D_


M





M#TNY09G#J%:B3P^7-$.?Q7E\R0/ L%EIT@*OEA=

MR4WJC%%N(E


2NX\$;A%/IV
X
M\?Q!.H69U8/X?6:0



MP#X@%LP
(@Q-8\


MT/B
MN'[I.*2R[_E2W] 2P=-'0


Z.V2Z:O67S\;&QF_FSQI4GMK'C

6ES&\D4+



MP6A'T@!



^'=(7?@1=U$EP#8'8#DLO[)I9




M-D

MKG=FDTG%PTKR
!^6^1SHN[AYEO7._OQ-E+6C'$X54?PC^1(V9BW_C#?;7XT_


AKF$XS$(-TFZ6KFVZ5RJ52\ U:QU





M(?CD(70
O&LL[KX2WNOM%
16S.L04Z[81+#B96+Y1=##NYT.
7 0Q_^RX@:_J;YZ+G
MX'ML'A
X1


M[P9D]^+P$]L&OB
Z:QY
#Q_@_O@S'_65(S'[6P];_(17;#&+TT ^&H!.(?



M.QDZTKCW
M3+T'.7H:E:6X9.W%_3#:_Y8E.+#7C*7W!GTO7ZR5U4(ZV51F?:
M_)(BXG

9?7D?:_%AYQ71V&


M403O&U



V

YO=
MWRI];





%ED2


D9K<(E
MC,GLDMBL#VD:-#?]0(?^'FU7[M%.)O67T9[G'FUWK50O+<]%6N;:\1=&SBTM
MSSN2;,<_^)C :SDUL?UFO@NZI:V5



MOL!T006FE^IPH



MQ25!1*T% 1IQHFT\:K.Z--#SS$0#%A7MV]3@?P%







& OMTK.0(3:45J-
M':P!X%AH#E!2 F^Y-X*3?AKN@P+%%AP!J;&F@S:8$OM-&RY L*D+%_

M+XD=A.#L(?'@
UO%

M;/!!@W9HKY9

M4)3S[_



1+$L&.9?H8UN=2JF

F_X(=%F E*0M$D H5L1;BW;6/ [0RTNI02
!6+
2M'!GHFX5
.K
MIC95''MMH\%


FZ98MITU.Z'Y#GX&Y@&/XS/KY^!E%%!'<%!K;-9T[*^$53V--CRI
MO(LH#ACY,^7$%+E-81,QVX=O$<E%TM$+:Z4$+Q:H2Q#K$QQ&U#&I$D5#W0(
M=D^OT2+Z-GHR:ZR/\^23*#F+]&ZQ=?E4O
1%D]OL$WA&S[MAQX@[')B93I^1

M?'/FN_+?@$YB]L)#8'PE+EHQK)I$

80*Y


:TJH






[^RLC
F' LYLT*T(XEQQAU!%Z0S(\$C''2
MHWP<&JY):1[D[\K<S-3/%WXBNLGN]T!Z
X7];5 VU%)OO^::6LO4Q
S!V(M





M[S _!KB?Q (3G-@=#P?.[#S(BCT;8K_XD^ET#Y0 /-IE;19
T^+7\'5KS7

MIG4S!(V6

;:CIH^%X_@+
J\T?;5-O
MI

M;T8)J.I8BJ':*02K*P%5G4B5P*A)Q58;ISI*0%6G4JSFHTF7T*JL!%1U)L/I




$

ZC+TMH%6*
MJ(AJ1-@T.1?@KY%'PKN4]E@'B/)0M:#[:UE
RW]UO2=.QN1C+-IY*UQ6DH.*
MV0H.!Q6^9#84%

\!=NB3QZ7(\:* PI)6[T
M2247J!ZXK5@GI78T1)1R3!VD #U;(:T@4(=29IW&B? !PQMXC^Y#^\LC[:


]=CO1_X2 US.=4M=:GU:2\;V $_K1L*VC

M



M$*IGT';X8
9RJ1X5I^=0K
@





]B%^V8F-POCP ;^;S\'X(P=7_H%OMK\:

MWMBP1OS_EI%JM\;+P:W)4Y5C-6^]RR$X%

VQV3&,
M4M740IJF!F3Y/%Y52LF3=V,VMJL,GI*<WXH*E!E5TVY
*-S+Q3'#N
:]L.X


U:.(X%
M;WN?8]U(YGHW3CEHZ_ES]OQ)YOEVMIA+;38O!HCRDMWT]D(*$-+O?^C*P)$*
M

M0?F!GGCS^GWBC]'UM=ZUC^4];D];=QCX 9[I^GK@J3U?'M1?O\L$ZR4BVE


MK9G-NS?SS96#9(]G;K^
F(R!6U ]OAF(;;=9XZ]EWY1=]&8XU$NHR+\45PPE


A!<%6X
MC2&]S#



#3#J*L6FT:-AB ;X=
M^TCH?T0\N]A&W(Q9!
;.* (@T!!7*&+0C7+O^1O/9_-&X%QQ4S
;X 2O-(_F
M9+;C@-MALK$ZT-0LG_T9


8&:X;XAIY#GP
#!Z.V-V!-LEN0V]DBUF*96P9


9/F/*GVR?F('G9W1(._K-]3*@
MT]!



_9OF*VH%Y
$X
M



M\IP0VXD
P8T66#_DQ0V+EPMYZH_B3??XI@_L39D$]0 LJ6WB_H80.8C%WKYI


%^#)B3#$-Y EKKOAEF;5$
ME@9(BN@

MM*'K2I)@7*



MZS'&*FIH#KR-

[B#U'#].48^O+4R)ERMJCM 5LF:Z#Z[6 KYL
J!M]NS6)M


!RJ/A8YB0\FH6W%7R?.:RL$8(X7AL?&^#JQ\\EV9SZ)B3
MMU!;6IQ 689D+DW

M) #D1^)X&YZ;C&
#%H7A%&D4SS@0B6

M0F6%HNM!G%H
%Q54BHI8OOU(




M1_6'9R;.&]^\(7@6P)5P1J$34$YXP;7\=%98?T3H$MKWNNM8W149G?CR5/
Z


M4WH=J1G5F&I3Z9PN^$YZ_AIX[O:B[?2G9=)? @;E!

2+


V%TL*]VK
MVCC+EJC+1L12'0XO!\==8JD.9;;M1)Q3&]K=8JD.9?;K7/#N$$MU*#-0C0&[










BH!5R
X9;P761YG+&1<\EA6H=
M(NQ=KC.5-_.






M1S8*19IS:
0OUZ0
KN[!






M7X;51K.+5N[VID/4.SCBGPVNA55^SCBGPVJA64.SCBGP^L=YD *?=4R!
MUT9;JL#G'5/@M3$[4('/Y=







4C7TK?RCE-M
E%G32+-TP58SCOC5 E-?EUQ



^$%
M:3?H/

N2H6B Z&2-42




M$%*-$2-
1L.I-G[QNM9JEXM=G')D^+C:I?
I?JZW2N_1L;WFYTS-XBO&;B


M
KO&#+?[B6XIPTFK_KB10'GCP7^4E\E*


%5H68
M-8W(]TIRBOHKY=XQ*
4Y.O&VO7OBXY4$#BN[*+L)J%C9#G_Y**Z$9Y@^SRAM

!T#U T.3EUY3[CHDD]1I2LO=Q\%?EJJYB



=0?$

M@@;T%;S1
PD!-EQB HF-QJ2A5]ON\-8/D)LK^]IJ\B

KP6)M6(


CO%MOPB#V5^
77GX.%T%+.8N9


'#;X:TD%SXB
M
)E6'YVI0#TK+G\.@9NP%





MB!IAX'NL[H59=V

M2M%7RM8Y$7YJW!





M-

&





95V*Z%I2ZNX&93IWP8B=W/+P%).@[OG<5<4=@U1

ERSM*'T$?[#@5]
FKHDQ


MNF/#DX)&U)&.[5U\MO!6

+XKE^EGDZ%@9Z+J


MXR 7W@6_P5G@J)=$7.

V,M%8]R&B8V$*';JJAN4S#M5.P'(_F905+0Q'[^09&Y$1
.)U&0/P(VR(
(;=@^?[=(<M .@JDU*TMA1;9K1M927

M3Y%U_D=]^)'28%?J;?!@^+5H-O**?5O
UY%5&YRIA-@&-XW/5X^9Z/E')^Z0
M[98J=3XA0


R'*;U[01I/
+.MFI\?V\&&7


BZT9[7- @N2^G#_EA+3+T_X/$37MF)HLYHW2GQ'Y<_E/
M-(H&F^Q$%/;]Z #YY5'PPE94U3\Q2Q!B$8W?VT9&X$PK\TJ#633PDD%3]E\

M$(5[OB*F
 VD9$1VXOP2
5.64Y#K'477L5QZ5*.@?-PTU]NKL0DE09(A5P

Y&D
.YQ1NH9U;F513OKSN3I%CVAF

MY



70P.8@L;$BRAX)T@)/^3;K2.+5_JRVBJG'[F4^

NM

]2W?W&JCT\@&
@CGPA:%#]YH


'G?N.6?QQX07 )_R-9[@P8_-9?&H


OD?&^5-V3KX;)7









15^Q
7?
M!+_MUM.QT_2^9BS

(*8O


M20?6/UMKU?I7%V?:&'^

MP]3#'==)/ V S!?7/]SHA-#UKWWG4P ZU?\DH1LY+J7D_4&(C?^$&[Y0S31=

M_.+\LFM0P-*[-Q[:\.0






M
/RH\9N5
9RE.&[CB

MRO:.5LTNV^


6C&/S(ZXC

M202PH


I5




*5]0#PQ9JQXP
MHL WVB2IL64]VIPHF#(VI3?4QM!$^$V#(%%KZV7[JN


M65
[%-I9PSNVW2:3]

MP/]!+0
8&\[V
I !]J
MFN
BFYQLE\@=QK+E
(_Q_
&OJ^)XOF:KH[P5!6#0;^@





72#\81D9&-FJVHUBE@+ ?

MKQ#]'AV6TY5+ND42ALD8H
M%V9BABE[0EL&-$


&


MP+K?YX+8F7[-]J-4)#5USZO##AD


MN/^J4] AKM4*']

M4)?K[T6P#!NARQU5KL.^)O
1I*L;J@S 3YCO]XG$Z#7E]#5JADW6LS\M94H:


+^\A :V.@]

M2LI(
#=(?4VW*Y/$AX^)CTT+U;G/B9)IX]8\9#\W[8V5CI




M5]UT6U ]
N:_4
IO5I]


MY7-+A883TX0KEM7%0W?$GJC9





0
H0/
MICQ-\
280LW/S^^N-0




M==%LXW$ 




L

Q8D^V#XQW6F0V7XZQ3=47.NDI&.'H6C
MYN-J#9O&8B*I]ML76;GEMJ:<JEA^;*M)K0#38@4GE8TMJ*Q
:)Q&Z5L7Q*Q

D_C);FC8[I-2@?



MB%/0A

6VS&EV
MQ]QGN@Q6MG1=L:]@A
!DXJ99D5.H,IFKL@:'R'9$V(Q0)?;[5(Y=])
 ]W945M_CGQFJ#\I
M)Y3'43:

\@(35VK
M:.7!NWQJ%S_9CEUW-BH^
==T[F[NSF])^SF0]C6!I+ [@%O@(%[*GBE;X4R2




M.NQ&:.[D;25[_'CVP]46R0_;C*1Z1]*P( 93ZX)OEHG0DMMADUMUU5@MW;5T

M Z&@-K
5

EMV+UJR:TEM]HLA
&P@19I:R&T)+X[M(*S;O
H
M_'$+82-8@D/JUOKTD:Q#

E74)*GE



M:&K]0]P).E BU38DDCV(/6JI23TY


M)X9J#-1I$^Z+0#S*9B?+M[V'-]X? H?PN%\#_!XENC$ L[Z4ML_!4D^ ;L
M

MA^+NC29R@&%A


DKLI 7-$
MR2AR'1?.\8YU8WLG[W]8W^#$0P)5YZ/1=(VOR;ZAMFC7D37#HTX^( /[0!H'
M
42:+V&\!$D



M[

5:
%).'40.6KY!
M C/AD&%KHW7_&L1+Y6

I*&I.
M



X'GA#9YSB/@+QPWQ0FR21JFR%?Z _]Y9]@CFK4.M\\0
L'CFV!<$P9--682C&!SI=./


J!]0)QN3$[Z/7C



]@ZI2%FS\Z%15&0(*#O



M

M( *?I%SHT&%-+(^T


MU9@71F1#MZSAL[RT3(/'JQ
Z%_0(1W9FC/$.3YYYE$Z=4W&R;@F%HLC
=S3X
M5QW[;IPY
R
Z##6US=3:3JUKXPVHG\1NG.#K5][(RCU\BSF6I+.=L-)&JETG


XC




M_YJ.W&!&8Q9)%%66?F(V0X[D28^*WK/O2&=+IB$YIHU2(CO)(ZPUF-(TC
ME]N_$SL$JD+EE(Y5@JRD)$-?R%12*1O+RZ?6T;Z%].&I8]RA9&NB[J]HMY
MY3*;MA=#;+Q;(_@0![A)H] 2G$HQ^*V:5&N7=KK2D[JMEV:'
T3VZ4-CZA=
P3/'/Z\C:=A0XK:<.-W, :)S)M=2


^][ZEMTI;=#IMI36W+<=$:5=

M%+\

G($V\:
ME))1\22KEUG#?J_3&RZWYMY4:O7;4_Z Z*IEGMTPSZ#;.;O:O/ETRSPM\S1\









D.$P#G.9)^B_[T1$RZRE6&9=[1G):


MG(ZNR@)L+PJR54R+!+*W65AP5GEJ2.0%#]8

ML60C:EQ.1\SP)ARI&T=I35JSNHHWB
+W-9EKAXP-RM%^_V..P(]'
*N#$4+Z


X#.82
.'\A4/924)5Z(;+@9\C84<@L5Y2 6T\





M-@BFM-H;OY%U]IDHRLU9


MVXT1HGR*K5*5]5O;(W:\G0JQC




!4.L8





@)





M40+A+:D3M04V8U&DR%@OJ4M.NFOC-Q
7;#9QXM&N+6U =J7SYA7M$2B+6'@;

MMB1JN)[V;KUT7W%V-X=%@!PC5ZGQGZW/.!#KL^MU
&9U:KW4QRQ_-E?(K:/^





/F8HF%495YS1)*+P8
M)6.EA*JL4)PN[)ZZ@')$[P

+L?$RR#B/(C\4[$XB

4




MW^T(^;G




$^;GRQN4A%]W#+G0U;H7(,Q42
M6C0!F@QCV_5W&LYMHJ!L1NIR%2NSG+A2N:C<2Y)*/@Y$JE^A;EA3Z?*@!%%&
M*\TD[0O/M(2CDUJ&UB3[C#/+W*U9T(UDE1_X)Q/T(<DTL#0:RL9'*/VS==B)
M9JY(NNQ1L3B@T^CR9IRJ4Z7&+0Q20E-UO0^^ZR^J!H:3!$TU1SE08]DQ(?I
M.YE3D ;5PAD&BK RWE=ZGG;@%IFN2#1+ZF3EHJOHL.]D$-39J6X:C'AA%*EQ




M+#(*OXO8$OZ]&P8^6Q04=I=/JCEH19Y?6N0 VR@J11ZTH&K&1721@=S:E$
MKE(
+K W%^LT[\F8Z:@9CHU$^HZ%MLZ=_(P+ 7K-^#MBNZ+E_W&B+WNZ_U2R
M;$LQHT9C&-Z9I.:8 M')#$/RGOL=L?5J E'-^]5?\G#0D..1N%-4ZV *-+B:




KT6A*^+R3D8@^['GS
* E5

N0^B%&8H'+?JU4'KGYF^ZCY
MNRAWI^+Y)#@



MNK=
2SXS
LP2\/!(# ;









MA+$67%=OP3RKTJX0D:V,$5ASUF40/XR$:;:M;ACRFJ*$K=E:VVU+#)O
-B


[#@
NM?RH.F4?P=P.$4M/:K8$VT





MSR6LS;C@MOPT#
E3MA2[J


M+KMEG5PR&&XYU5DF_L2^#T+R[P&/!=X]CHO3NVWG'LX]I!#.'9.9V?8J\NAP


.<<E!/-!0-+:-D1=G'8#A:M&
I;9-7BE/(6@W5

MYMKR$\)F!\JJ*[UZ*9P'W#6/

MB@D7&-MGP[CA!^+X9Q:8[)
R66RU@FIJ
M/G=05R
)([
3TOA:6J2]#;D9DO&3# 7OB:A*%*/EL0=BAT(XS1D]#XBWIO


%D@2&+E%*52
W=&
) 3GG62:EN4;I(N


M+



5
\.$^#4;P1X


!RZTP$.(X4EUZE1L0UT65TENJE#X[P^'J&2P633BB

M
:RPJLSM?O6Y.)&@E+::?Y5;P
MH')[?S;_\



9Q5P5J3S#HGG6&
M5V=+^UWKHL. 'D)[_LL+_F^]1-27-TD][+;[9P/NLVCN9HE_ZM6LAXSF7?[


#GX6':^&W'8_[T+CJ]


,WA@2.91LO*C[+R_YNBQ0R6L4Y:GCXB9CB2:;0\_2A/#X:]
MC5EYQS5+K5.K:4ZM5:'_8&
M


A(++?F@6'G)M$LP;W669CQ$'USM!Y


M[=BC;TR-

PU627
M'(%HO#6


MC?5\[ID94E\G^NB&/'YJT?F@6O[8?NRJ#.EF=7UI\KGR+A'YEDA5'R\ZL41$







E0RODQFXD?;E)K%VY6*4B'EZHD?#%A+J\*6$'5E4(RJR73JI#

2CQH-JB]EX[UP'E!G5#@T A::K9AJVF2T-I&HMY
E??+61K)#NH?MM-NV
MF]NI436;QU1N=S*BK;



53&Q0R?H@([]TQ

M-3BZ339
==2KT=)W WC0'4C&T
9^WWC9/;X:-4KZM3$=[P^#6Y;Z2B8S/ '_
M([A-K4XY!GDA12QY*(Q&CZ^6


M0ZDA

A5(VUF+V91VU

MZ'E[ BL&(/\6 &65YHBTSL)C-J3[G:OS%BVMI;@Z*6YP/FPIKJ6X&MW3PXN+



M:4O@E(Y7JVEBEE%-S'[9P(8-S=WWELJVH[*KMOJLL6\['BK;(JOQT/66U@63

M;87/85?X5-]U@5]U*.UOOI5U1TA;
R@D_8[U
'7'4\L1L0AGL&#1'AL^@O(\
M3CQ;M1HM+422C28ZV
7!Z CQU@-=^^1V/ VP=YGL?X$-1+'8:18XPCN5C0U#

MJ'0*W^FI9JG63





MI\

M:




M1V

M]TMTE=K9%HJVELY42 G-!EPE[@.+R92F!XNM$4F;8&XHBGH3#2=4]@'T-K
MO_AB^2D)E**F?NG)!
@59 A0M@%JYJE$[ +Q'*5P?9CV\A49J1
[ 6(VDT

A+F0^BA8'\S?%WI^=+[ER0\$KY:[*




FI8]A4OW.VX(=HJW
M0!,#1)#ZQ36(+F;@L49A@&P


T2V/+*+*
M


(B=X0FCX6=T!P_T$ZCN#V_=BD


/PLLU
M2)[!I=
])4TM)0 ZL'ZPY:7K5\





I:\3/8[
ME
;G

[%8Q:4IL

(6H
MNX94C;(H62



DQ$0:@H75V-0XN!ENA9 W& :ARD%];DV6PSN
9S,:V'*]ESW7W?4I
-VOMZ5ZQ<IASZ@MS&=DS;CIT];NQH:GWP@H=F\?FV

H=X??MWXP$F052[
MW'DD_Y

M$V(7O


C::;T&
M7?(=4



MLN+VC&R/GA5-A8C!?J+NYR':G Y:I[1K9+'AQ6
[#&ECL^[Q9'N9K^JPA1/%





3K


05



/TK_&\MZ5X7()3L6N]P

B




XQ%9YC

MOX19OY

M4L[)7J
]6
0(HMB:!0Z?





V*)2\N
T@/;FM/PM!QRW7R$]7=#7.*C7.###0#\
MC^TG: VAHR_-95:B:S^[B7&8$RT#I_O8#?8;A]!^?/OW)$'BWUBI;R%PI&!

M$0C]VA1I$/
:=BI^
/WQTJ(I6 .0P%%\:EU'5




'Q6ZN_J6:T]-Q)NC=?






M4223DD(
**/;FQ-H:'HPG+$(?868D.Z' OQ2^?7IADK7S!%+.;.[B)[ARHY(

ETZLBY.AVUCZWR/ZMYYS8VMG^[<
M?*P+L]SGTC[


4S



M!#YP!::MP]F_?.L&Z


H-M'CJAD:H^@33-A?D#04CS99A
M;1QI%.=,W*7IF[/C<1=(@OI<.TTI#W-4M- X'1&TSW
\P#;W&#BAN-.)@(6
M?ZPP#\;D+T8/ILC09)^E9?U' /OC!X2KO^2:T!P19=+D:WII=@&X)HJ1?N

+ :M^ +9%^


MQZ[G85XCQ;5L*NTMDX?;.6CWYL[:OT91XJ8=VS[(2 N+T.'4PA8D*BJE$Z0F
M&BI71YZ;[*%8!:E6%-.5;MO'LC3U^)*NU2*16 /A=IDLNY1= I65(ADPA
MFE#K)8HK98%.4C#GH:#H45:.G^Y F72W


@7KL/+SNZ-' B*V9]46PF3^HF*5E

H&20U%$$/6FV(MZE\6RW[]5+ 
!+*CLO%XE-S
M7J]_(]&VMRRN?9OPE7-%ZB.PC4I=Y2\)6-M)^T%KG5HU7S4F=\$_
3JZX!B8



MD+VK[F7!^'+OW&I8CR_;L'39NA?#P5;#NM'9FV'U/P51])8: 7]-^S-P FOT


D(TSP *3C(\OP
MQ495X/&9EJI !S-35'PPO#NO/F)XLHKB(;

M=V#JW!.&5G3-F3[OJ


M&ER5NJW.SI;'6CJ
IPUY-4_GACPLW?INK\8QKV:]_)A+::+?/;MXVIAO$25%

MPW)VKF9_?#ZEA\=Y;W!9(&7V





M34RTX:!41;@H.DYW
V9S

MSE]PZMQXMCLKD&2F@ZE_U2M=P]X@=]:LF.N3%J7;E32J/M:R*)GTO!T+WP[A

M=



M*6HL&+MI1-NN52

)NWMGJS I@VVTB


M\D3AWNRMB%O8H.?=\L-T:LGK#)6$U'LGQ)HO@38B2:6;1/?E]
7!W9)45N

M7&?S'V\



MV_5(/&-G


 0K^#\)KF V
M)O261D];P=([V$5)


6F8<]MU)*2/.DT9
?H)F%BE&56_]@=7

G$9(9'D4Z6L'_62/Y@O!QTL4 -GE6H(
M:IR&,Q\&?HM9;/(8OYE!25(B!C-(_\6?!5.0O;91U]# I


QRW76:F#6EP&L6.J*%AH^8NLS?X\^13X=VCM


M#KG?[!_*^



$\?_$;9.^75U+WS
MBWS^3@V#WRB/I[Q$&L1W#BOK*8/_A.EU0&)@_KA/I);S4CSX7P=+9;1E0]AZ
MI)N11CF6YOFRY;WKH6Y&*6F0/]LL&0,;#Q41-'Z/*FF)J,W7 'UWT=^2-#





U?4Q#9




MH!UH@SWX5 =9O J-NY5S,JJJ OY,;08(U[6H]Q5*92M2JO ZVL:#^MKZNK
MJU4]O;7XW19\JF1_#65NNPG]B@GSEA?;.AWX)+2.UQ
:IHX&M[FZ2[)F074:




!WJ(#_%=:P?VM@NW0[=6=CV6DBUDB65=I




ZVDMC[WQ0





M^Z1


MLKBJ=R*NZH;!R;BJZX&I:L54-]D!T]=++=EW;KV^8]/V^O[/8IOV9+$%_=K?
MO7K\^CBBHA$][X+$/GHUZ8&TI0.]8P?6V@[T?A0ZJTWH-\S[N#6*5O1VU
X:
M[75K] 

 ];:+!VH;XM;Z'[G.BT






&Y_FIYQ9-(\S2V%IROW9E!US:9.G

?C
*'JAX$IK8/3+1]2?N$ ^7$P*:6KHW3$VN?S:%






1=


M^Y 




M+4H!I %IQ_NR ^+ZY]?3$X[%.?#?/7OU#(HA%$
HAKLO



5.??B VJ$J

M)+-3


MYV?\=W;N3%*.TXJWZS6XS!

-421=[GK\






 !;UW%FZ/5==Y-M7)WJL'YW/-1



M_$!!C@

MQ5
11$454C =&*K F[9X@Z$*O
%054FI L;UQC@






?-.NC*]WE)UPMG5G2]H;%_4C1[08T![W



M=
!V


($_6U?F

'#


MO6;\EI=)C#DS?!6G@AR_W%'V_565IEW1N$Z!VO?UW$A8K_ _
0Q2MD/)(.D)
M^?..
?OK7F\\'*=\5S[RK7S-=JR@=VR#V4&\%\&1U_7F?F*+RON_TNKCX&O\






9B*?+Z]

M][^^6UBM'?CK5ON3;9NFN0B/E07NO7[OTF1;8
VVPHY46+^S;OU.T^MWQ:+]


IJ?Z%%X;IFJ9:V%ONE9P]%3S[/8K





MJX1;V[UT/+'1USYM:K1?&9_7#\CGQZW^N7N;&_!%PEU4W+'-K/8BX89_ZU9Z
MUI]MU W-ZI^ _&HU&:\)^RC6'SGBV*\

MP1NBI
O!6Z]_^ZOV3-

&
ULDG



MD$1H%0/

&.5%AS6:O4?K
M#H'[-G%#2R?Z/O79 VD'(HTW\P32E!VM0T@+2*!7N2!X9EK2;.H
&W$'?#@)
E(BF/Q0_J!]X]L=%17!U&G?T2+<ASS^M:S]@MUX0X6\QR



M4^

*W

M
[X-TPTN:#4NLDG3!#9H3WP^:23 KW2-:(^7&#?XUE:S8N-U(Q.VHWG!O2%&

G3AF-C*:C#/@H

Y<\%I1DOMVS<
'[1KZ/)


3R(6-J
MHD/

MX=8

<+L7C$E@/W]S_A10*J@MS\LL!Q&L-




K
MDWAU(Z!:/E[
5]/[H?[._)W^#R^92EX:0R[J)@^8 772U\T0FJ\H2
S[63':


MK(G%\5\:'T=WS/9)ATF/3#2D@HYX0?:

#O'

M8

/]W/DWA1MDKAE]$R&0:L%).#'Z

M_]6T9CRCB8P'U%H_NEF(2EB;=0U[4;JG8/9R4LS]TZ+U]60%O'UU=EE0WOAH





M-/&
[)\(_
EOA8PX1'4NZMR
Z9Q.?&%5








]7?^L(I?$-[PR*EN7Q_
S8)Q]$1_F.CH(I90

P8U

1G/ML?T1!*.&'J6%=OS#8\





MK13





MH

'T%KL\0RD 6G'^V-VZ/&L%-#0XQD]GM'C&3TX

MEZ^O7QA]VDL89
H?7UQZ\W[4CA.%X0M1-T@\.RESUV9/')?]%S_YD6/R_WLR

S'6S#*+@R%GN




9)KI4[D53RWCS)M6)'[G'_WZ=-



5Q;

M-$
B;-3EF(QU9QN


UQH5'CMB
ML8G-SW!!-+HU)#?



MTR;6Y776_SR]*?9)W./Z4E_CVK[LM8:?&SJR3)83+'N#%M32L@\!=./+WN!'





M49MF=:C_=?]Y;0I(-DF]EKV6V;N.Z5KKO2X2UK0[]5KV!DLU=)KDJWNO8A_J

M]G5YQG?HX^!]ULN']&O\P!#+E?Y7-*-

.^YOF'Z:POM5H39
MX7YLN^5@CIV &.YUW4#^^T.8EWY*U3-
D-!
M29KX?NJ;==TE<[3#T*@=QK$2MX%HN01U3V8R 6CH[&CH2.$.&@(-G3L-!?OW
M@T9/)I6TYA8TY8YW8U*1C<AKPF;OWY$%'D4 [8(J%:NEU




MW304FN

MD5E0

8FE#)9'!&:6G


 QIS.8#]K_X24Q7OWRT?A[7!1)64_J5W)]

)I+'XU1
MD62]9
7%+Z\\6L3W3N*'L(#-&+
8;VJ/#&UH85DUK



M;\=%WL_3-[JMT?IN&1?+IEF&O?YEVYH]8W2S+N;.\O8@ML_NH H=2)FQH*
MY8W*

MQ]9%^EX./(X_E/!; 5[2Z G0@^'P8(@0P\83;QZ)MEZQ5PIHL**5EK_[
MB
?((Y8]-T_;CQZ




]I-N;ES;)^*3D8_/[SJW(I&&PD93EF@O+FT?B0#&@O+^A,$^B<M$9
M/17SS\1\1860^YBMCYO 0NJ6M#*^4?H[4R78PWFM$+Y@4:6D^)U6O
Q)?




1A)/0/4OM4?K#M(\E_@^
MHL_G+&D^T++\WAAG3



%
T
E


MZ/ W;=_JJ89M5/&#$0L=^_L=3UYS5O4


 E\K%G#J

MM.X S2(N[!G(F
G0GVE)10\#[D*[_N6KT2MH/ZE@U)P!'S ]K73-4Q\]@'9@


MIV
1ZS+B-

UTH
O+.+8NO2TD$RU*.X#&E6$1FT4X#J$1F$A

 .Z#^V=2DP+(E:B(7EO
X1.IH+YFDE3$Q.VF3
MVO&:@@P:11@NK!






R*

X_/=BFY?X
MFNXR



M


M3;)JJ_B!JUT\'2 ?M)\*
*#
EHE3XX9F=)!4YZ'.G7$ZFF-[.O&:4Q\\8':@






 ]/L5\U8AP3M@6

K;C_

T



#@QTT,(*XCB,--# .-S&:K\K=



_H[ORII5A1J^O:

VD4<:.4$0W5@&ZUHVN_3 $.8.<53@=
MD#/$M.H4T8U5@*Y!UUKL*^A:X=
^G@VJ =6
M:D UH!HEJ<9WB&^B: [H!?0*0.J =6 :D UH!HEJ





!9 .R:8%L






MNJ6CD&0Q+Y=WT:H$]0^I?:HN]2NHJ-6%I$'YT?D$.GKB'RY]P*(OM$WH '

MT'.AF9PQQ7^@9?F]$0_9)E6E4=!104M&[8RK[Q5@7AVX?F-S*W+V)*80T;(R
MXJQO5/$#+9] L9

!YJ21IK2A4U
K_E

N2N0SL[2#OK+EM4D7M)

/Z((*7

M@X TQV6G



M0NFNK6H6S0



IPY!4!_(3VF51CZP=+;-V
M;(_84?/5L-#K6F58@7::HAW/:5X%T/C;7-ZVKJDME_B:ER(NI ?![SZV5=:
M#-_0FR.2VQP'R6TH;H1




(8X%G0:
MDZ?3$,?62L  <'H#SM'MTC, IS?@;.)Z$*D G#R1:A*O@1KQNAEM+1M
-J
M$2W8QI5)SRCOXH+B.LP SO8



W$*\EZ'B(K !R\B#GFL1U+4 .
MD)

AYKD7
2*LH

:F+''BIJ









MB+=(+R
-KIB&=9CW63_/:)E C^DTF8=7N-(%O



M4BG(G2YOOZ
6V_M
!

M-

U9;CX)O&VWL($X(*XY#9HX

 P_43X*[3N'.(Z2$_&(3!S@+WE' 368




F7$.H



*(
M%6@E7  XO0%GN\2$KP(DQETLVT #H3!KC ))&'-M?G;+'Q+
FZN+YQD3+C
M[27



MN)N+RC^ F\1L!B=2
$$
E_BD66ZOXQ&'3MWVK9]4XP)U6#I-\K9/P@AU6( X

(:(-.


M)%O]:

5

M)'2T2@@!XO1&G


B8GM:R=1..^E/=E$NBWE;



NKY73'U&^AFVW-W14T%XB+M89







MDO@F2=D(M)S-A5F/&4?:9SI@Y_]OV[3\2].[=$S^

MND%



NXE!&71CXX[51^B1\-FSO8S.6
_@W^
MI F'FF!M@K_6:/%T?D3!QKKG1[3



MJ[**


V);'@E]
M





M8?K^E
:948HZ(;RU0E)TV1)M]^:S6F*RY;7J93LW?





M 9

)6D2*N4182%424)$F77.XJ!23Q;P6+5\#0W<?KY8J6]FSA[9TOGH*'A'
ML:. .U_69KLFKA*!M4DV!#VM'/B(UZ%*$B3+OF2.CW 3:8'0AAIIH*!1X(
M*$]-VH4N'!&JCM8=G%TX7D!\5)T#.^TTS+VK2



V%<P9W,T!\%T5,Z*=S7JR@K]]-RXO;^-X]/V7WAWMCU/Z<?%1[A?Q27M



M[) *?DA/#F8&/['%TV=.4)]D?;8V?EQ'
9L71H^FW-W28VO_\859_SWA:.+O

M&5 6* N4== L/M-AG&2



3^7M&6TE6)KT3S^.W.!VK*;U/=R- 6)#=2PBHW13=30!0


9Q+7W9;W

-XV24='EHEC)?CHQ6^

-'I5J;5K1OM==Q+OEM?CZBXOV%;U_Y$Q
MO'RIV'/JX7D]T?+5XS3M6V1]?^8S/^Q:D]GNM:;Y_:(G5X]6KR9-AG\:67IZ

B@\W=D+35P0L.NM.;[A:UW)O^.ZY:33OSEU0



Y.V&6N
MF]K+YZ3\_7)04
JPPC1@6E9&\=PU5I7(#\1^8





8\3TJ^*LU*PS#HQ9

FE*JN=@FR =EH


MF_:?0?^,RZK9/!X0O OL]UUB]YO,4LL2/#X]?WE=GXK_/A*



MHHBB



DB[.*_92M
MX[I


!TF/6)\+*H[QO39M\6SV#BTF!+=E?%1_
G((QWW

'.?1#R6#94531@R%



[)!L$A%MC
9[H+)?4NJNPD)_H/I9^R=+Q7[0/SFFM$#H]@F5(K:Q&E?GV@_YJ:9
MD2 Q$,GYJ0!I)C@<(P$N*YEI\LAH(K\MXM%=C;T;80%,]/^;)$T%]^[WV&_
MU%CML?W).5_F


=5MPZ?%DU7!OR DE90
M0J%T0*D9**%4^CEEO+Z.L[@?[WC6G4CP42@-1U*8WH^NMMV?;WG+5[-QSBJC

:TV4B=\RK;94J



]8*6*



J3I7$
MT.DB;!+




M;H! 
3I


!.'F L^ =!=QDQN#\

KND87'*?])G=-KEN!\.MP^1N$1]V
M&P 'NPVX ^Z .^ .N /NNH [[10[!.'::%) RPIFW!E0NU:UD8 VO=$&G0:X
T
M28R$6(Z=2\!N.X+K3/SW)#Z&W1<A-]JKX86J[P6SK


MS@!N\FZ$D



):FF$6@+

Z]\J\K*.MWWC9[+8..F!J9G_OC0^YV
M)/[/+YNW!&-S9\3:_HPA8YM$N







A1.^ N!+7%;LR3%  X$H#7$]5

=C$5UKF=HD6'#K^L6\&



M8#FNB%


M;IT1%!H X

*+2
ME65@0_J

M8

13! XLI#7$?18 $$ %?B5LQ.OSL



MH%[!
PNWHK7=?F

M6M


^1(3*]V2;AO^S






%:]@3(G=)B&+)LQ:4BUTX

U#@9\Z792=$J&2R

M




M




)M!_)\3QU85]B//
=Z\U[2^
NQVNS$*]AA0/D1H9UU&A[RB
M1QGM(J*71H0ZTF3M9$2H8N3]@!XF%'D7$6H:$;W12
M#$I;#S.@S
[ICYA*6

M9M%3+=W8]-2^5M@8LZBAEFY+9&TPR&F
8THY2+CWNUBN;[E#2WYI_!-1X^K?
M'L

:#RUS39SQ_PC3*M^LO'Z/:J6K#9
:=




+DLY

_;BC((C:Z.I'6TI
^A:[UPN15K[LZ4.

@@JJZ!RRK#D3(Y*ZS524*OGC1W'F_N#


QM(0:8?R
M#P;]01ZKUQ5F: %%-SNTGL5+2AY3JZ=GZ*WG.BZR#&)-_7RMN+*8'0!51[V


MZZX*XVQLRFOLN3.;DO]L^*L80%^=U.N.7I_4&Z9/ZLFCO&;UTF@KAG7/B)A\

GH2EO2T'O%VZ$+)G


MIYM/+V#H]W-FZQ:1)^#BJY.4!W%QN%V&O8HE-4U3:\3%R-Q\V5C4=G!14?((

IU.*

8(8FU^GT@TDKF\.OI^[T-HK,2W9EYRV9=S$L-@



O2Q3]@V71S&^7

M.JT\=M:ZG;9R&2J,B6^3&C0E(HJ) U@X%2SKMY)AJUE$)!*4:FV?]
*[OE




0P$

$
U(PL87;)Z4SZ*F9
M+53.^S&38(2@1*5I42RW ,E B4)3HF-]N8/:ZE$K5[)G#U[ZB08%ITID\M

,Z#/)PZF<\8P


#$


_2=RE$/OJ'I-
A*R#P?A'G(2J









M8=I+C./;8_U=4OXN4?'1W^(9W23J2(9'5[NFB


ME

F










M;4X O3;\.T0

 2;PIP[
MKK\]LBHN##Y(FLF#\5B61;-OL]49^&*.@L+_Y0HK[/8JJS8O[BZ4\LOA_X
M/A1L=^T-D20*$T(L21Q
3MKR;*YU7K4ODAK/;8\W@'XBIHE%S_GBE^#=&:&Q
M


[8\




MA(\#F3SWO[8NT8+'_]N\..O%0R0M;7E29GCH=E_E1)R2TQ!_QX1AN:_3FE)T
6<3\_8U+/?SFU].,_50#E)!VJN/X.ZQBUAF:%PA



<?,#]:5A@F^O\\
M9)+)DL_:(V?VT;1__H&-*=XVM[UN:FWJZS@O@ F9C? 13$B!V-)6OSP7NTE


Y/9<.Z\ZEP]RD)J?G?1K+=6K.LUW+NJGQ@:(,
M9:V^2K7'BG9J+8 B*SWM%/;XB^WB#\313=OQ*#Y@D[#39[0-E:*V OBPF=N

Z-_?=/V_%\@PPK^?;





\_
\14.UO4!ZEVX1XJW+KA .5X9*W=&.^


M0=$P(I2KP^7:$3TCD/BJ&OX_O_-#8IB=E7(63O%OL.QMCQS\84?:@FV(N5JF
MLRA7?8I8KV+6YV#+'PTLK-#H^[M[)='GLA4(JH@4QV[CC''\


M?D8F/U*1XW1L61[[ZS/&+K^5!4K19)W_'4%S1_Q1 IP9
3&I^@9[=6Z7L-G2
M6S&85;:O%S_%PU^[?J'QVR_2$];1G&6JDXE_-%[8I
Q$.L];UZR+SDJ4$:LI





G4^1


'(J^.8-_/5]C^
M8,2QRM$GH_5!S,PIE\2SDYZD+'<&O7YGH,3CZY ?/*X-VC.$_MC/<(6BS'K



93
.0$
SW.N].RL&@%6'U^K3I[-RT^*6F4Y%S8S;RL



M




N([8P0/'8 XG47R!1[\I#KK_Z+XC)9W5/XH6Z5


HG==3I =)*



!ZV2P+-D57
HV0*XE3D#T5
)PI(DM$IJA78K
M0SA6L\)O:P[0WLIR1^[WJX<T)8@6




I%6Q6#3.-@.[CX_**@KNRLH=HZ?A4

M;@4=\Q 0/49UZHPD1$5=_6')R][6F#3A^ZSH$Y;33

ML*9@37


 8C7]E*=AV%[3R:NHC$IFMCB)RB9


M9UCP;[HZ WVPB6VY4B&1_E/)\31D2DM,:+.7D@]AI^;GNB#T57'G1V2:N8


PM&Q1U&;C0RYF-\ON.:Y


DW[IY_&





M*:$=1[G#&+


S
M'X(


MK65&_5YGV(MW*ULW++QA@\#Z_ZR.8AG]YL2:&/K=?WCS%FQL]C0K9_R:UNVH

MRG/=#BKVB\27^NAQRI'K+OZB

 E5DH?O








M RF=;YG;P^W \19I'R9M;\5






MEB1$



M _MRHDWV6BU.:M0D&*2


_P9X\4



&D&&
M$6(AI.(\@(]_T_I)[':*(X]:-?J;$19+4E[*$GM\.*9SZ:-'N:7K^'&T/Y]%



MF/E\:\KAM*

K).9N@X=/;/X@T;-/R.FMN&Y[#GN(\TL.


M&PL8^2+1Q-DY;5G2SLGMYW\ H#%AL1TO0JYQHQ
C6JS'3:0*!T7MWNY3



%0T

S!%6K8$8*&0) /+^.=MU:

'(\NQ=[8!['1=JP'NZ:VMK2J8A]KGW_4

M&&G2YML=(^V?;J2



 _7277D?B



MCICE\9MX\MXO3!



AASOC-X.L3


M]JK0Q(B.SW[_MC):X&XU^S4(


NAK\:GPC$/+F:XL
MB6UWF+[0I RZJEHANK+DK-VANH.N7J]?.%W^KZX=Q\/&!7*(?B0 !]H.@I3!


.9/CPV./VAA:&L$C-9G@]?4J
M$!P9S=$$=U



2(C/__EKC)7[ $I5Y41 1:Y7 %#1



M23
&Q^ATKS[E8)W/V=XITAZ6E)#_.5=')JH%0J-5 V4X-CB=82XZCH]2H0



D8G4Z&=^1Z!8B.CB8'HA4M6=*1ZQ4@.CJ:7'0Z
*1%9KU(1





M2=O CB$Z96*P7ZF)P7Z^$X/=E!6.;I42CNAH

;32Y$I]2152FUC(TF%Z)3

W;_S#?R&@Y[ON?3
^??$37DZ


-RSK[.(


M=KMRMZLIPW[(C?6/-Q_K8'$J^8##:
EP6W;P'ES+RQ^[AU8^()SI%








J\:'6S4 /W&WY[C



MBH%:EA'LSW'(7W(!_3UV

M50_8-(DU_80M3

M#


M4//%MOA#JWF ,/]EZT T[2 4L'8.D.4?:Y%=B)D@I8.0 K]RQ)8?F


+
ML


R+VN+0*47&B 4)B.(.@
MJ;/XN%]3Y^9U+RRSJ465FQ$.

C@X

SGJJ0D!K(2SUGZW4








,&J+ *,8(X'C-8BP&@
MF-P \_TO1 DO%+IG8Q(WW]B685MB\O
)63]N)Q-


M0 )QUA'8@@BK@C!_Q'3.9=A0H
;) U@DPN(CL0A3'_*
#:97R)H2IGECQ\&N






M2=O4 F@. 
.[_#FGIC-

\A&
M/&:^:W\472JAX5I&




M0ZU5)QH@) 8SOL)_L?99F]Y@10.)ZEG(8L+ UH+8JEHT K_8^]6K)TE!&E

M=4



M^'Q

M.T+W@-:26'JT
1






MG'NL8_+

M
=F#HAZFJ.* S6 G\R?;-IPOX2F7$&?NTL1TOM5-%T$SRM2
]%AS;!DM\V;-


]']']TN9NZ

9W


MR)+K#9)M*L-EVW1: 3#' $9I$6 4 
SQ@*EY-X)
@(&F #D 1FT18%0 S/&
MT5H$& T DQM@OO^%*.%[;.Y1T-GZQK8


C7O%=[)NS6K+WYZ0%SCQD'';YRT.0I@40J 22'


\!Z64AG3T1D%XRTJ
\!Z0?C?35



MP)

2?
GBK%U0RR\RAGKCN9

M@.9$--]1FSW
+ZC]+ *V


Q#2JDR7^P\6!/W)^(


5:['Y6M7:I




M7_!CV_C:-F.[V 8AKCK!'K?_8..K96#ZX-KZC]L%_YX'$XSW5R^8ZL3!=Y3H


M S=(8JM=F G2BI@Y0LW+
$FN7:QA6B%N^\TPK4)!
-^-F-GT_8GE*TF!$=










O\Q9_?$'S
MNN_5/@W\,[)^K0([90#*L*D,HDH50H.:@:/(N%%C_T0_'CFO](W:UG3BF;P\
MAUCB._;K;VB*FYNIGW*::3]^GPKK'%&9L;[^2=Y8[_N&4.F**G#(D4X+CGXV
M0QA*K2AP<-,<_0B&$ QA;ECGB,IH*





M@';#U2:E5O
CH8X[MBSRC*F#Z!)T#'3LH
PZ7ADJWIB

Q&Z#B



RW%]\[
MUQ:[=X*)ZU&6/[DSVPB6-N)/^X)_1A]D6^RCCB/UJJLOF?Y:!J*&\W5A
$WF

M37
:4:8Q*]S+_3K+\HQ@]N=^19IEEH'G#_C)O68/IAX?M1^G^-
3/
Y;\(LW



0F
MJFN+_6)*L5-SQ[(79-8-'M
FLD@&#W:3ICTQ1'AH07ZPV 5X[167402B2ZE?*'4_):
M*'0X):]M$H=3\EHH\#MJ&Y[N.H]8GUFV:4^7[1!^&MVM!,(?XR?D8*-=?CZ5
MZ%9 $[
K
B)F:5X;43,[]@]Q,BUHWM.!^I/?^ '3*UQ!&2]/]YR23);&F


LH
MRC#Z?F-;4Q9PSOD;5J6P#6^I6 [4L@PU20H5ZO]8(+YE^:PK?[_DQRUANNU
M6*M=@4P



MD$=1LNYQ;Q+6(HSU?WO$(6M1WYK



U@9M7G 7$KCM9C6ZPZ@-J=0FQT ;4I6FT \8MP[ %S3*.


MH5:Y?=Z)\'UM&1[? X+

+0]?
/VO^8Z[5$3N(K8](K_'S+\X?)=?DV?)


-\
DFI%%S5?/
I ?.9PZG0^ DK-'B@S
=\.T
M$1J;Q 

$?WACT#P)'&B88BY=K2F:E\1]CSYW9--R_]8%==%RBBQUT
M=%EO

4
O#FQ^:='B6
0?=VA?!=H+Y%))C:U2
--
MZ2LL*A6UFSQO*%B;T\^AQ;T56G



MK9Y4AO#;1! =.I%+9@)0]SS%3


MOPYD
C_YN
O^ZOT8IT^B=T#^CH&T%[?-.%?(%6I,<C1#U=DAE&WFW<Y27_&ZM8A\\=
MZBHNB^\0IQ8S3$:^O797Y_?A%DF$N8KO50(ZHKYR^A,2*#D#IHV?A!XZ%3H


M


!JK

M4$L#!!0    ( !J4DLZZT0+P1H  '9/ 0 1    ;&YD8RTR,#$W,#4R.YX






$@QTJ7 B2_)#BJ% I-PA(9-9F0%1?4U0
'L:)^:RL0LV
8]_T9FI^68!%TI..3T]/


MII::PT=: #E_NQ8X%R;-];&)7]:!YA+#8C4PK(^$HFQ/#Z4(H$8Z1/NY'AV!
ME'.E&B-RP1RM \E9(?V7FQ4OTD X%Z&N2']+OTXFC ]$\@D^HDGR(;56[^C

F0P!.8
7EW!2-+!IP

M


#@.G&FR_4-ORKB^\2/\!1KH+_[-PZF)?

M2@3


MC

HO]V

M(]H!HIW[F&A




'5]I9?6:$O7QT9=
N^!016_N#[M-QA\D_*V=/?&J#OT[3Y#
WNN




3O.U3+(K.-\;:L8EN@

MQH!PI^F*4&YC75?6:DO;YEAC69RX4W@^X-M8P_/5V%*I.029AH\[%9KBOXU5



=*T95OX
BM[2B6EMCJ#.:_N<YP%S/E]')
=7C_;C8*[G7CH9 Y


PKUKBRU9_,:W&;ZT_YS@ 5TM SS6I!/!EA*2K9;<_ &S!


N9G$E7U+&'=Z

MY1

F&K4Y4LMV]J

X?-E

))L$6 )






ONL.X@LH+NXBL7
M^U-W2

# KOIJY9^
M$U

#AKM7


090;E




M/KRZ761E


B




V\6#.MCXO8\%I2.34
M*B^W5'H8Q1GB7_]'B3R;?ALQ;_0P2NE/2+_DGM2;+DRLKE7+6H $-$[BQFR+


MLV4NN193.R:AB/A%Z:+I=E:. N.B+H:3F$WHM!^$R =N*-&*=R.IO_P(/I

P7H.

KX


M'



D\;



M(PD&4
I*O:P[


MK7W3_
UD%(Y(




VM$?
M
'*'2&!L669MF_/)]'6&WX;20\WY^5NPLNXJ,RSE;T8ZTPD=[C[N7!TJ_M

D=RO3]$$2X$Y#)%F#*PDNKEJHE4'&9#4?]7;%/%P^QO-V



+@8#ZH4PCH


M.B7
CDP;0=


MTU:6-FQO9



S?6R&9HVF0'62]@B]'7


M(&3R1JRD821Y_%U+Z)^')






MHE]






M/$21*&]$QP1^_C]02P
SS/C.)G9')7
E&+'4ZJR
M8Z_M[



CBNX!$UQE'S_N+Y)D]?[@X.[N[L7]
M3



B#WG[[$4'(5FQA


MOH]3NF8O)C


M&.%..3!(53+E89S8CCEZV^

9L# _%KW
MGTNQ=#4^1!=K.K!G!/]P]/K5(2I!%Z-7@)5:X*I!%Y_#Q*H, -,9?#S=R#
\'6VR
M-LTX.Q5*?:)S(6'XAS%1*H.K9:%@NI[/K\E]Q0:@ XK#;X?JF&Z!US^P;5F?






$4ZNU?


MA]PW3WDH

Y&2\!M:=UJM

EU=

M/!P8+Q@3$B8(MX73T

M?=EU]@?.#15:.

)F.SH#-UC9
'EQW

M
%DF1_ -RY/^8*V[(S+:]J:V(^+/4%VSJGZ70E6YB.L;(V^^1!I65,$C#]%
MOT@V=8EX^O%A0PP-0'VHT1;39&P#S\9_VL6$#TT7SXFR]_/K6$_7D
=YL





JW-^+8F.=5W1L#B&887;G!Q.
M/U:#]2:Z
5XQ[1&;$=L8'YC\5FV0&1J*F+(





7
M@^;UG!]3R6[AE6B_H&0*7LUQ*O7VPN0ZA/Y^R)/00!F(YT.TF%UU FCL-#R8



MI8$%9+
X4!WKC.P
M#'DBI/OY<:\\CK6,J7 86N(YLP\G&A_V0(4J_;XUB0H5#?VDU^1\5
=0REK
MXI'12W)W!L--LNICKK5M/;+^AY#?IARLCI!6Q@KK&^


MV[K#X-T012.

MCU*5P-N4ITR5E0PU;3Z\T3;)PPSJ@CSH8%?]Y='UC?TQ#S.(LEO-$LC2#$)=

7X&FBC-KWW\@R6+KUS
=-U#;5U

3-?U\.B2
MR&_5KLN&]C]R62H9;2[ZC:+2]P83L#AGZ]IQ!&52B_2R4,S[[7=O *JU[R8
M5.TIXU2=SXM2T0UL5S?UP+C@-]=4+O61M :^JUOZ9;O1Z*AO/#SS9XP+7.L



M:;
+PZYP%=QL/+
-@88E+9-;O '5!F.W9
2MT


)::NV.:_ZT(

$QZ?%4
M1:CL9HH*N-T012.
_-*:CH5A212-
!YO7NE2&)9$/1WCN(9]X#5=KH34UZX\

O[R_=?S/9FN-E5Y






+TJ




M
C Q-S U
CA?9&5F+GAM;.R]
M6W/C.+8F^GXBSG^H4_.LSLJLK.K*'=TS(=^RW.-

M;:M__5D@=;-$@  ) HLR(_9
9UD N3YP86'=\;?_];*(?W@B/*4L^?N/[__R

.9E*2=TLH*#@%_'N_[$W
ULM@0U2NEC&Y
=W[8F*
MV*@R6A!%H^$-R2O\AG6:4+DHB=
BI?UY16R6-LDSN'Y_$P?R2C[1L;4JQX


M2 =Z)'JSL.
76DMWU5B/I#\$CS&IH_G5(!6Q.ZD_YN$/C(

M$B*.1'__
V[$\(A;FQ3]@Z C^EV:K?<5:W[30
M?%WMH



M

WXKHF^(;
@+BFI
M\.0I1G1-V 

M]!$=)CU_DR:\7]#!J]6[-9']BA29CJ6H?&O2$J-6I-;+\AQ::E@&MB_(04


YX_0_N_1A





&.I=T17M'6\6\9=_CDLF
M26^#E1!]=R067N';@&? +I4.=-I-HB,_I6G69'QSC\WY30+(==\
!)4/Q9






XT#F:ZL=YX/D7+C*




MWNG9:O\7U5XT?H /D








4'9CV7S%.Q**



Z#!62M@36

MN&'-/RS\WY04
=+T06@X+8-][@Y=@XPP4
L(G*81L&PK6\F2N=R=1G&?L?#[

=]
M.C5N%]R-V;'^(TLR\I)=Q@6)?_\Q+8-!QHL1Q'$-_!M59VM5JW1T&I5.&^Y]


:M.R7$'HMEM282OU9%DB<3



K%3;JWR&$M_D


EOEC3



O5(
MZ3\(T\HX[=\7694M#.ICG;I#K= U#V!0RK26J:H5:($9#'.\RB4$E%4.UP


NOBSLR0;44;2](-.%%^PLP

[M0/V'@H')-B;V

A+1QE6OB^

3SNJID^CI:<@2C*5B.8
2*@S2WW/[MF$5/=

MXPS9.$







;?!2ORMT-9V*EL2:8GJ
M+E\U+)SAJQ!PWIF.*0IRHD5MLER986+;C]CL[F67H_OKM7GGG:\SQ!6CM7

SZ70

V&^



-0

P%00)S\05[+HDI
GLCH2$/I4WB^[^79=P:^&1'CH[*BZG/FSI6'O)
MN%/BWUX%80TKI;X]0-]$ZU,45$-[1WA_G-C+D!OT\\,J!GMA_SK!/3[O+#.
MY=PN'^B;Z-JDK+KAO06 @?LY'#C=74.MK8P$L7)4P.F?DKO@6#Z
CO.N:/I
M=^46KY\RU
XTK9W).8M8' ?JBB79



M6C7&/:E?@PR4A
GT\D6$+U7[43'20[4E2'$BI)IRC26C/!3$B7BPJJCO\'=/

$NG_A61S%BFHT9MBHU$;V-GBRY$''D1D
M$7!%E[FZL1;(N4XB&B2*[U0YP

M*XF HO3;
@(*8?RODCNN&\WU V*:)DM=!O0Z#I9VS9J2#IS?$#Y5YYF17]K
MV-GE+K].=NM_RT$$4AQJI9^39[A&^I7\KQ/(4O@GV'9Z%L;JN8S//2ADW\#



FHGI#K7XZ+7*')=!RQBBNE







V
5
-Q2V^H2U_LA?]&-KRH\\
MKK-0T#;]JYG)DX)5)QH1_QA8-V0D/+H88&DC%K-O%)N8V#HXS2.52(:W6G

PDH[PXBLY( @=:9A!]
M;OLX#PTF#^_Z/NPI67T%NW

$MIQ[SF





'[1K<!SU8//$C2
MH.B4MUX:#8(;/<]MK;7('C-IC6&9/T$#RB)P(#^STV3E+LYH-8#C+0WID
MD


]0IQ

WW  O&5$UAQ-BO]/!=D2CA8$.M?I* TYV& I
MUFO-Z'$
]

M!M XQ4&C-D!:/
NG.]U+N<6-YKJ']BTED^EEFM&%N*](@J%Z4.]3++0,G&]8DBO&-(K




V'2WA%(5!



M2&0(N]'3O

)

DY!^80/&&ZG2R^P^=2;:-:YT!FG0;4
M=+I/@/=X($)*N[J38)X!5]A[^,)!*5++2U;T.8@$M@9^9W$T5D9+ID2SGBY
M.42(M_C:D]T?]KZZ_K+Y),KKQ]@*E]M@)72?\7/ H_L,RM]!JE8@%+BI&!$



?!PMUVG#12B;

-L51


]31WNOXO([JMD!L%A:G23




GNH []1$X(&1]+@2+K*LYR3

MFH[6.V+$R9+QXNK81O:GR2




M[=06JI1#X_3#Z-]YP.'3Q2L1



M]6+)V5-Q3*CH
IMJ@=ASEF8A@]?]&

M-7QVZ+73GV!L_!ZL




L?'Z;$[X5Y;\/E:\7C+&QNMW/;'7S;/AC+F[_Z:0;9I3+!!W
M&X3?02Y%5W!RSO\@



MVUJ5W1]-%JGSUUM8M%K3M2N+]4^:1





FUK11-65[RV2J!V!@@
&J\X+5[FCZ


#?Q!-0KJ
R;70KBB+)M-QQ(I HPQ:






^A

.MT/4^]W

M



MHT@1NPHH%SE5TG[Y?JCHWW+O=1@Z0'GY0GA(4W++J33/S?';/2SONA+K @Z4

UBUWA




RVLE:SZAXUR]:^70L:U&ENC69E!=


FTX^BRGL:C7%.?M#0&;9
[BZ'JQY.RI



M
U'S3=+Y'V1&

D#9C67S%0\O_YA
CZY8%ENG/#






M&]]WJXG34CF
-9Q[^9Z;M-!-[N/&FRH'3JL8=9*L]S:_E);:7.6T
J.G4]
MTYTFZ257U1J:(Q^Q&#V9GH
U2[
]32EMJA#82J2RMR?S12X249_(Y71*PFPR
M/0@34C!;ES'97!2W


8


X9L]XGEU.]G3(=LE1HT70O0U6PILI?7



MZP*NP^Z=KUR#][A?


!4M7?0AUI__^;)P_4O7*YV


=:7W/\9F#[

M!/^[1QZS.\0@#^[Y([JJ&$E&M[S@R@OIKTJ$9#17U!&Y)';;-4VT@BK^0PA^




M+G)AW9[4=DKR=
HRW$I@2[B
ZV T46(K7FN=RJR)&VN;@(Z2;357!5L# 3?)
MVYJ+@ZWI0*/







ML+H8&





)[1_Q2[?#*](0$P;]&88D/2

M[9!E^V:24U'&4=Y4H&'P]WDS1W4TA)XZ^K15N)[Y^0RMHIZZ^9I92#US]36Q
MF]RY3'X9T6W?R%%0M

CP$@UB10,K^2@;
MS=L8BRY?EK!A%6W;)&,LO?Z6LR@/L_2!A/.$Q6RFZBG
=X6;^/'X6TUOL^
MM8,M$1ZP8:





M_:NG]0+^
[


Z$S#B
MJ_/CJB^(4[GE


5X-%*3[=*@
]



MAR9/VL.7CJY4!#63+]UJA$/%TEQ]$8KEAJDUJ$3I\9(-5/M\)FE+8%JIYO@
M.U2TD%='\WM:P]0V9U(3-K;V10WS&3318NM?94O3A
[EO9&-C
B-:%_ZC_T
MHTQ8787#84RB ^SJ5.C=&G1=N_GK*!7MU.8LAE5-BR90V:IE]:;1
QW4;S:@
MIU4%9]&!KS '19$N?.VRM)QST?FL/^L=D/6;2;'SP&/RFY]Z3B)OK*D_(]-
M,_(4F+OPR$_R#. E$4UF7W-9+9P?BP4^;4E_ ^2PH'J9(UJ7F5C
037?@9Z
M

MGC@[%-EP4CT5LKC8$^D# ^[9_UTTK?G*LO\FV1T)V2Q1=
+K_'TGM(2WA%
F







MM:B?_X:RN
^
^S#4!UOD0D4&(#HV[/0XV%L3S7P:E

M

/;V+!6O_RC^(=;AXUYZ)_SIGY=)1B55[+*?
MF^:?=D2K2H97=)NRR(2P(JDL,5(]H21HO31=#V\_K?@KR?]\@K__K/SA3


M-_YQ^P6.M2 Y%VH$+





BU
MV:RRLE&S_ -M;9M0=WPW@+ )@I*/Q\-UTYF+322.;ZA.5*B_[]@3Z(+AUR
MI6Y$A/

!V$FM+B:O5 _I?= 
&SL#757]*6X(F1[

M?!$)H3E-YV(U)U

']50_T3KA3
ZL&]
M)-[_.;*6A


:S\)L%TF]EQ&$&N064X_X0A8OB:3RQ^$B;=:X-/?6F+QAP/
M_4'2ULP7=HR=


MFH/O&T(CN:R4;U!9LR)L/D

_IHO:+]U2

=
MC]:H
1N)JRK!1

]6[%BY;Z


M78229ZT'FC!8JM8.DP:E'II(+77ZM+!%:UNWH=F9TJ#[9N/)NI2AVGF&F06M






J)^=$/71C*B/3HCZQ8RH7YP0]:L94;]:



MDK9^2S;=P#&ZM.U6$L#9.A2N%M!K QJH\OA;@6Q,D2.+G.[H:!IPZ+X6JR=
M9NK[NKQ3[[!E;O$NU82IC+?!5U902N(E=DS;D_[H3!T* Q]HX6AG5:G8:NC





M#U7Q#91


!D2S

*HS(I5CNTAZ?Y5
MKNO%
J\[*YRG8-.1
J0F7P: OW6$D!MZ*+E_.(]@
WUF+'JF.\?Y 5(;
MC_2P$)O=



%^.J+L\-* 6BC5US_X!V'X

M/Y-_)6#LIO-;SIYH1**SU;=4D+[MI3\6NB[-P'XQL!#L/!3-8JQ)L[L8A@]U



:%%KU



M'DQ73W%G##7D7I
N1[J@L6EGQGV/=(%BT\&TTL]UP6%3K&QDG^MBQZ9366@G
MIPL=BWZU)Y&KZXIW@+KND_UI!$



MM:)


=_?XW7*V)#Q;


MZ62&/PH'K!20R5SOT.Y(2.B3HJ=0[7CW$-:*IDC\/U#
97)98X8'&$=J\AT1
?+)G-3OZ&3<]J\6Q

]GZFD)3IND@IZ6YK2

M#B3VK02G69IC7VMQM)



MY$OP4OA%D@3.VOT?4R!\C8LT8I F3W:_+&LJE2FBE6
\D%JZL-2D5HUQ3^J=
M: 2N./J/?O=$HOK2\.
1R

MAC5K;+KV+JVY1O5 EP)6Q7%


_;_HMQRW1P#/=F@YE];T[










=W&W%V!@:






M\  

IEN


ML\=NE1. @

&--[CQG/A[_!^#=7ID'_V%



M-I;47[ZL.RY\9BQZICL3\ PC4?VV'5\ A#\X_!H7H2#M5NB 6+*2*+@']/


M.P!#6SLW?*%M\+L%/X3

(D(EGW%U$

MIA.*VR62SP-.'@/@;-'9$8[1H-P 7(3[!.%GJ]V0]4UG8T'
I
Q_OUP3_
#^


@S/(@%J5S

Z&:]G6B  $_=40[=+6=:6EAZ'
M\$X  H(HI&NLWK^.U/NX7$2M=3&T=!SBI^@\I3S]?I37&#DQ
749X^1FNE


M_*]F:74ZCW*0*Z=/1JL$N/-@2;

MP0E1/YL1];

Y9$
MU166VN



M9LDGT]O-9QA/
\+_FP3\BC[)G--M'X=Z :Z3K\!C#\\D?B)?0!6:R\(*5IZ)

M@785S4.@O7^!Z

MC]'%R*TC5[B(T

YT(V2UDN,PUT/Q!F$&#GF('
M].&#$(,N]%(KJ(^?A!GV,[,#^N Y:$_S DG@=#-VD$^?DZ/G<@G &'P@P]^
M\






9*
GW02QR18JJ=7G/0]50





M0]'=311.+5E


M +'$B^\7Q.=LL6!)058ZSC).'_
B7^F!;78XB=:A@#'G03(KYLD
$WL/'OPD
MNJ2.'].
!Z'



9


WG1@]# /Z/(
[+KQ;'[#E(0ED


ME@X9M/&O^D6R$7[0A.^N&Z.-_7'LK]2$Z:Y%HP68%?$839CN;A2R +/.^Z:)






M$+U3RI9':@#U



DBMQD;\^CXT$0R
X1GA:Y2=FJ_-N(+<4+TQ';77)3)C]P
E$4R%O&J9Y67ZK@T2O



MINGP3;U:MF








0F/Q&:2P
M#.?CA%C=


M][60MW!L)^HO4C5DJ$Z35*=E()A(M'%6*M=5/=C3?1D:!1.(2B*VKM&# R+5



M6O0]

MFGXIUDR%]1:75B7]=
76/4D#ZH %#*PN=%@2\O1P'Y&%P*VN!06O)N-\[0
M
']HF/]6DW8


=NQQ. 


D:$UA36


MOP8+HO[@';YJ6#C#5R'89(/7?_#Z#UY_/8PZ2O_1/9=:JC5&M-46\6%'G4Z/



8114


L#X8OWJK7L](5#

M+@BG3T6@K21.0KELF$^-]W'119Z5_4F=)[(/Y]I3OJKI


M5J'.ED






PS

MX41P5VFT-;Z1:?=VA.K%?6GJ+B6K_+ _=%=7=$(;/5&!G?O0CAI;(_D#8W
Q5JG8WMO'^*@Q

M*+^/Q)L0DY_V%B9$?0?E+5YCU


M&KC\P8S/[I'T;C=P/8^3-PT  H( M-'7?@B^]NY=LOUV.Q_])4=_R9_47[+'

MFD7X'%]-[C)--Y1&(_X#V::$LS#VA3 ^]OAZ_
A7OA7O&FEYW
[+KB@KIF5-
MK*V:1J


MXV@KIK'2R



C:I5H9)2HXT%=)/6! 3-MF\3UX(
M?4F#XS[:3@+^N5N:TLR\S()AS:2@^F8VQD5\H:__V-(\R=+WDJQ7?]SS].KQ


B/U8\[<HVW]-Z(:1

OC@7

L#52WN8(+$ EARUV9TJ))]_*B#@2G

]!E)B32!IJR8?8$+:\ETNTUS
M#78'J^0*3+%=;NPYRK*.1-?[ )@TOTK)


MHO
=U^C74%L/$*.]=
=@C/7'NT \]K(9:\ROH
-?($![=YTV M1SM(62 (24






MEX  ^ BLJ8
#A\PT9;/=F(#JH&FKIH+0*4Q5\F8/A:Q+ZB('*DQ/SU&29!L
M;\Q/,YKP2WGSZK)37ZOM9E&?5-&PR)AMG$TRA$K.
L

M-
JI

MFAR.- W2]XL9J+1\E=(79T35

W$?4HSO'%==\T_7
?I.03
MY]^A\-3AFR+5
477YMPI8$VGV[_RB
M6W9--V%
J/YF 5D
 Z&I^@(*IJ8(

MI.MP!BU
=17=@EI


@:?.6 V$8
M)BAS9N]!'.CZ1J^0;Y($Z#JMHYM1;*D*L@E -\!L*4?3D1Q=@+2]\:81^((N

CE::12^
LT#%&T\A5WOKHQK=I\
H0-G3TSC1Z:-@4.G[60S=0




@7T*;4+E
.NLZKCZ/Y K[ZFP@NT&67
MD53/Q3\;WB)_\G]02P
$%     @ &I0*2Z+N0\17I   3U8) !4   !L;F1C
M+3(P


/4Y?J2KZ3)
M@,QX%(D?RS$+Z]8')6C:



MEY /DK_E.].38K-:1?D6_C9&01G=I^H*X0D-6WKD&%UOZ@=TO&M3(8A@RS8)

M72JL


&NPIR





MC?KNA
'MI@R(T)[18T* #V6YKPKL:G0J?!9G*F3VO1QJL&
(D/-%BGB?<L#R<;W+^O_*FRUWT
MTA.X.(&!#'NLXN*\G.B1_XN2)

_1



1EK9YN0
MR5M$6P2_3JNY&]70WB;]?BL);X #V4#U/X95M:X
02RO&PE_3=9Y&27YR5.4
M;FC#A!.V%C




M

LI.WD3I$O4[#V
H
2/+XERWB
M_C'


M^TXVH[A
CYRA?X*)-RS ]Z*HV;J%U52(L5%.B
M6S+XE<15HOI:-!4O%TA--5QLQV](IQ[@&MW\E\8]5.9R
4+$YT _3\X4:
!

RGE2H 5=TCP7[=I?;)9QF8-QJ4H:Z 33

M1@042N

7





M*X$#([$QWO&





 HDU6*$#I4


&9>=4H@P]QZ0^93C$A:A2Z
VM2+#MO)4-O 7L


M04B9VI_
M135T



KS;9(]


M+: 8&XXT)WW3^G)0?? Q:F6/%DQ.FP
'30'P1
(G:L0XTIQ1@6&ZG/.L'TWI
M4W''YHM% NF$*+V)DL5E=B9[ZHMK2WT*H_L]5H-4X7A3*56$4#KFCEK
E1MX
M*8JL.7!ROR5G;+6.LBU9LES6YI+B.5H7PK?=?OXQ3#) 7PR9
;?]*JI 0&T;

$.HB:#DL%TF#4]+\6MU(?EDL8E

(IG.\DU9.*
G4N7.;)



M1&9[9?SJQ$64Y$(Q+[/UIBRN6/9P1_-5M1G_/F?/Y2/TRNS1 =W/D3*OL9]
M;8DL37H0$$D.K5&B*TVWYDI

-#S]K#MP1L1?
C_ 9OBBA^A=6AX=F=5TQ5
MX

'LH
]

H3J/B^KSJD1.UIHS<9H9;_(<CC&C
MHJ!C%^.\M3CJ$;+!#D=#W UWU_A[QA8%WQ@-IA3'/[!P WE_8N=V'R3O2

M_&6Z3 N=-J%9_+B*\E_T$M(]GUE+H.Q/'R+TF PL?QT'^,',RI#W/1LSE(A
M''31O=L;CD_U/L::.B4@WHIDE;!!E;HZHM-BP6K82QYZPL;,.!O:VP;&Z&7


\6-WR)H6X
_GF];!ZL
M_@R]0


M-__Z3]^^?__V3] X3_SX[D]?3-M0C

%ES?&M[LA

M5.G$*LX5([#^EV7Z_6ZC-?W?&#94#(8KF#%
SDJ
MI'DP2 JZU&-Z5+FJ:F32;!$+T_'VF_??L


M3@L;()

M];!_$JHJFJ B-;7[6[N*N@\CL)[N(V-134VI]*FE4]+



E!A^NX/?R(J

ZCN$QB6@1P-F-2
MQ'38ZM?1W-*2
YDN/D0YG#87\SB6YQM\]TF729ST=6U7_Q#I;
8!N'^42F)
M:(5$'.KP6B&YYZAR?TI9]G#
66.]+C$%6@^!:F&HL
M2 L-X=T!$6.#[8K&?PS[K2F#S(#IX?N ]F7

S2;[N'AMHZ2/%HN[M@

G1($-N7'W48N
^YGN! G&JUQ.KZQ


M=3CN[D3OM
Y[AM=/:

I)3_

ME4@I\R@K(



MF$C;#=.59):7!Z
5!8V_?&!/7XD;]OE6*D7UCT-]J'[]E]
/!Z)]_ =-*=U-

MV*X$P/D9W.X6?8



M;N^\OA)HO0A@7*9%:A^3T*'G$4#GZA1X\COC0L-T^9=X/0R_Z'^7?6[BT%

HA8=-OX^2[*J_X
K:O*;;6BQ\


MGM]=O1\5?U+[%GJ. 3GYZ9'9Z6M

&!R(.7_HG-#+$PN=
MD+4/&4SQ-]X-50B(0@&) DF#4&)T0G('K3*BXI&P3;E
V3
I'Z.2Y'0-B2!X








MBP)RZQRE1XWLL\(L%A/+ ]!YHP'T+*5#K9*N:UVP_S1(SL838C:N1[3 2K


^%::DB0R^0[R(Z
M2.V6L+/+RGFV@'=9URJM(M4_1)?0C0%P7T$G
9@1@8.(;!LLIM+H46
=&)ZY




]B3 IULS:_$OJ

-Y9; $2!X$1
)-
MK=ZSJHZ)P06D%TWOKWH?FC+HFL]QJN^$M@D.\?*4KH@Q(U;;5::F@$%1@3K'


 L


6YCM]_[;.5QX&1V(9UQS/ZJB/N (TY
MS+90<G@T0@M

R^VV:K$_





V(1$O(?H.8*!



MVR_?OGU'UE%UE/\G\LW;V=NWXO]) 7I:D&A3/K(\^3M=_(F\_\/L=]]]-WOW
MS3?7O%_OOO=M[.WW_V^'IP4Q89;..'(-V7!W9D\W_)QVA+WG\[(\!]\7?Q
MB^_$+WX_(_SC-8U![=-M$./6NZY
=;%\7QE

3ZJ0[F7$7X5\P;KS+N9_N^
M

M99

MKENO+H9[1K57* Y?3QWFD5_1OQ)VN^-SO*4
Y7+^3OXL,3G5T^=\TRN\X
M^+X-M.%L2/5!0O6E8$CT,KHC1
()96XG0CDR Z[YI6A-H*[YB^ (U'@AR/%
M-A5H9GEM@@5;?


MRT8VX7AAIE#AHE7$XJ1.Q9?2=D/'**4M.A!*)^+/JJXF;@&OVZI
J%!&O1;F
ME;E*OC;V7&5K

M*)
GK*'D@!9E3=VEU?Q*Z2:C\SNO*9N!UY6=$RN;4J^QF2IU/V2Y\XRG?/


A^CDX<J0-S?:Y-8BL=-1YB0S2Y

M18Y!R[G;Y.&Q]^;1R&@+%^9:LP:(;]O@#:-8
TJ




KMC2CGN4A9=B\@V,0ENYH+M?*P$2



V$NV

M-.?-UUKH*&P#SMDJ2K) 7=B0Z\0L

M5GD\V@CVS.O)& +TDU\ /*GA$XE (+
XQF:FS3N_9O*6/M%L0V]IS!ZXNQ=G



MF0]5/ZGU+;:AE H
;^VE5)!!-9MR0R5*&WW?^\-)$S-BGN_^_'_=R 8@Q1V#


M#YGF3G7L*[



M_@4V*]
_L[=D3#\*J!R







&^9)L-\6U29K1LT
MI\=#T+9T-Y4_0[J#B;.B)C@[
:$!







VS!0]+DV42_Q#E



WV@6:48'8!'* 9*6&NNL]
M8*=4=&T!^YED&

%'-^.RNI5T1

M[&0MR8\EJ@&B.PV%8DAF^W625TETGZ0BD.YQC1TCD ZQ-9

M6+

:%5S[Y%WI'[.<1BF\%OE]E&3P


M_O6RG+:IL17^9B?JW^'J3
M


MQ^BO+#]+HZ+HOW*
FP0;.&L!\Q97:V&%KL=TXWJB%0(A*G&:FP(@*M6;7+
MA==K!6I$X#8CH_2[BMQQ4LKL+(%I&
'W%#$;J$CM^#LJ'&C-XSS@%;#PM5)F






M_-.



M

_7:.H!
UEW

MR0F%B.+S&H\9$9@(36UPF1&)#1FGTI'7U1$U9L!=XPK0U7K#N5_=C8+[UI_9






76E !X0VVQ1@Y.5R1924/6&LB*
MUB(I)/H  4JAE&%



M!;XG)P)CTJ:*M
1 UM.+H9Z;M?OM!0405QF=WD[(&OQ'!)I
HGZ$[Z

MY 5^&K:XQ\@);%_8M?BUT 647$-.ZS$*;9Z?
N5/9$)M^Y719-TZVF1;JG
M]IKOV$=AVHF



L:R_P+A\K-*

MFT(UDS6.(G

32QV7SW+6
!3A2(FFQT\4R7SNS*2D@]++3=INB5/@H0J-.NH

MW5&
^J$X.MA4[
.AS3W/Y4-1\3C/%O ?*/CC6T? 2^X(+K
X!ZS/J?QO7SD1

M880T


MDNN'/ZY2@



MB15-]BV.2N7D(


*/_C_



M-N4FIQ^3+%EM5E7!37%^5$.)_!J;6%6#XBV)JH8.*F'JBE+LGB-
;E-3JI@A

5'Q!+B9[AW/XU8+=_ FIH\[Q!QJI@GUB 

59K*FJ'.JK;!]G
M_2KOZ:9(




!@.TK$5U+E
M!(-,93J<\BLW\\5?-T4IQ/JY9_H\SR.H10<[F/D+.
_QE+H!XZ[4'
@)4T+

M
4QYB[%J
]M+
4F]!)O(D9YNB4+()'N4\Y];90&
MJZ%5UZV.:$*1PX8%C)?9(HFR@;K%S@&8<L6]B=S?#!; \)6)AMCBA(OL\
B

M^^V4X]9#X=





&68(2R#,G*F^NB0Z_UPIF98/9H+9+/AGM&<1_@
VQ%


M]2?Z4MX]T_2)?F19^=AW.FQE3A^:?@A[DBI_B*1SW3?GRFLM8;(CN%AK

QW
MPV1U53]UG=WP!7B

A81I;





-*TPCG&5Z[#)
8

MN\Z3AZJIZ06EW4*^123K%($X;QA8PL-B,H $=+A  J^!)L9U3BDC2P?X
D
M


MM%
2P'?5Q2]'EK/7Y&TAP3[?'Z(D88Z#Y
MOM['IJ(Z
1G%-D2TG!M]35YWR6;&@PU=/)7R9+&+*?]3KY[!
;)[\_D6BYJ

MV6=H+-]C))6_P[8X'IO?6XOC






MS/ZI_1W



RX_
M#

M

M&64+_G?HZ)KL^+& .R-


ML& #!U^;

)X1%6:Y
M:G!A52^8TV4


M WF4(8*!B5PH4!&ACB.
42YZKLP$#;[)D[@OC7D\ %MSV4SD2P]V$#%B;X(O
MPD




5
FV^3.*8\.GXYC8HDUCND')[#[A%E-RS7 BF 3/4L


MN:^&'O

-/@H';[Z)!3?EC:2[_NR

MY\T)?2EI5HC?YGSS0XLRB

M0IQ^O.Z7_J

%;^[
M]=
DA'7+G<+ E)@5MMQE*$$Y
M.-92J8O'A&.8



D/JNC


B

YL-*G \NY1$ID9J11Y:?[B%$:HP%XBAEHA9
MX7L8

M31_*:


4ZCOOR.1XCH^,<99NY]H$0=5*+NQ2=ZU-3HDP9_LB, D8J$EJE
MU/=;LJ. !GDYSNAVZ'?1_0A.BR /!AZ_ \O,2V*N^CEGZ3.*$9_W_QEKDX

M4B

8Z^@UI+@6_.:KS3?DH7G_X%*WH8
I9

MVMX[6R+&[=[Y5''O?#3N?_;.V+WSL.XP71GR_





M3(.-AF)^2^MNT7'U&)4X.3@]/*UN#K=/:4:722D.MB^2+
IB:!W&]R]/XHVK


M.


M?OV(H-+K7.H?(F5L'(O$]IQ3% /HSJ@#Y%UK-&0\=0$'O#2$R&YZ9AD'+W
MF.1J




H
M

#/+IQ^L?HCQ/BM






MS.EQ.V:]K5WUTGCSK/@5B[*O!S:!X\-1.[O^:9UOUR1HTL F )Q\;;#SLDD

M'H7:ID3K6^P)@@H



_DJAVJ!Q-0]&6&


EC_LG

OC.FOV5






M_\2NC=X.
JE!\]U7!3R
$U7@
M-GG5_1NDK*Y$%437ZF99F*
WZ

M&5O=)YDPAV=

D9R.U+)Z



MT#$X%BE:G7.ZEJD::-..*6SKCF&^

M6N3(@)];I!I]4@#^[?)M A3





^CC[RYT\
%+UQ%$30-A





P
MRSRN5NBU\Q[A05L&V(5]IOE3$M-B


I^?*#9:TTXF;KI-?;8$[;Z+8




M:B7
*@3)FPK%+Z:G(O@E[503PW7R?BK!\8'B[/ZSB(


L']O15
ZHSSEJFS:] /5O:: V<^HR.-^W-<CBO7V$*=QXT
MSMBN5BO#W I68!DE^9^C=$.[-K\?:51L^-[X.KNE\/I*DCV<1D6B76MI#X9Y
MV:4Y+EXK,#FZ1. [ZTO.U$A#=X$&;2+PGMZNU*8H=)=FVEY?OXJY*\GFD?Q9
ME.?;I3Q!ZS/RXQ\@5:9_8E_G/_T88#:0-NE!Q-6M2PAPYUZ#'$<ZJ2 X3)][
MGFM?\FA!/T4KT.R!]H=]P[ 5, ?3.2^ 7A$  S;[K7CTR5.0'$8Q7EOX ;
MT)&5L6],!*=O;B]2)(+&):0C7*\$,)4^.B7W%KG22U8@XX6)4/]/5(G.IG
M2*$;F]ZUW#7GBV7T0F5_^R!RILQFAN5=F8=-]$6HM=;FD*N^B;* <7J24BN
M(*/BAY['L!V'





M*F?


MG7A
H
IUM+(UO&^\86D2;YNBJY$W!T=&8V_O=


M^






MMWQ\KDB++9'HUC



8=[3Z

M@2)99OQKHX/+%CV2[/'[2Y#PBN6/R-U^F: %!O
T+;9)-J]D-U?QH^R:K% .
MHW?M%![TPPA4A-/C(6!%M46BA.( TN

^/C0I

WL+Z%G6M2+='1QOC]%_;R$]2














=MR7(*H]9^+GBI.@#KOH84KK'E?7D38WB@!CQ;IPWAP+=(0!EI@P8Y
MX#$C



(59'X?*F-EJ- !VYPXT02:_.C(L;U


 #J7*.5AYT6GPBU$?/1^K4(
M_24\WSO4;=#SEZMO@55A664SV'O&D[7\Q7J. .,4I8P!Y]E\Q;V


MX[IUR^PH.%;.R!YOTD$\YCW&@C2
[#VV/O'$#KCM+)N_SM6M;E7/8'K:GJ[E
MY0;[!P'P_5_G^:UT['&=:-]H!OQ5WEUF&09.2)F4W8-Q1BS)Q2(+@6OSPW

&:6(.Y\6%W)

/5



'R;^/I

M7O4
.)O

GH$&K?NDV$X614OO9_;*%C1?#!7'^()KU6NPB%_8\(I%

;4G
Y4G

M#(? 1L0
68NVQ#67
&T8('+2'33#@(Q&1*D@(_;DRG?PZ]9@09MLHFOX'@


+](^]I
;[;N4ER:ZI,N7J[._H.Y1F'7_W
M)@U W%T)&EM,I2E (^.X.KL+.?W$?)03?H7T4[)AT.D2[F+NG[-&B48:8NF]
MA!3GX<5]R?@P%AC!MT;7YE-M^+(\1?23G/;\$(:?):GV78A/!KARW Y\RU)



S//7_/;A+=8?W 7('1PFOZ&HFY(K


M8N@$AEU3@


M:N#+SDV P80Q.K:)PDW5F0O-.Z0JD*\K6M#GG:/T/4FXSLH9B)^!.KLKI)
M52&':
AAR]6*DN6VVA9T1LKM\S]H6L$3K] '03 +F%3?H$#N?L'J_@ SDI!\
[K%


-5PG*)JG#^ /%7]L\#'P0S
MX:^+!9










)-?LU<*
M,0?5/ 3L,BX/D!UP49TE.W@Y.U9.HAW3$XZ5J3ABPHAK\N''#Q_B/5;V:'I









M MA!]'9$.+@9I_QJP=5ZD_$=I4WCR%N6/+.
58R6PPJA_1Y2-T;7]Z4FHXA@
M-


JY:S

[7RKY P&TLB



M09YR$T9=J&OHUQ6

M=#^*Y\RQX\P-U16R*DG

98]/


%;$-EV89NB






<1//_,S*
M-..EP/JFHNL2$QQ'+VXS1FZ,A&MK_IGF?,UR(VBP#C^6XW%QR=^@ MQG<X[

MH.=Q@AW9 G
YY)/9?2$[I[JIH*


SD
M0^7SL<+U^!(!X
P*6D:O.7F#/-\S[YXI47%2I:_7-6UMJH+=N6#V)OULP6]

VUF/




VPE&0(SR/G]3AC;/.NU8DGKOY

T

A[K


M:Z_C 3S0G8SMT#:YDN$ F:0-$EA=IJPTD6KBFQCE2=MAS69N=E9GMMJQ4O

M/[L\]J6&C39PZX5X4]X1;!*C%MU8-\JX00W'*![#@321WAXJ9
MJ
?M[6K

]* )V'IF*S2U8H*

Q5J3TF2[YKI//N_%#2G7Y.L#*?@2@WA)JRVJ-AU
M8?Y\*9CYMQ5+5Q^W.[ZMZA+^FT-.^)C2&RXSU2!H@O-N+#3QFJ2 SFB?;F1J





8J&WNF-)
7O*^FP!.T:32Y5E4CUA7]83F


:5S*IR=D'

M&SO?0:I

M.  COP&X
.7WO;SC.@P)N
&

A8Q-)I]



U^+P^N(!W?\T$0?KE[
HQ=7 PSKQYUPL


M#]1

&?:(JLIJ1/0UU

6;VEZJ

M/C1Z!VDT!]=V7XJ[;TTAH1
)GKP3)3?:18C.M()/9YS%


8X%Q









M@KJ7-
M*:/

M 9(T


M

M1#NTK.FI=!)0;@G 0RQ4B*X%LNFRFQ1K?@&.# @LXIG4#)[LI9SF=W#FRS
MDW&V)+
'6D++K$HBN!;+_+H--[DX@XE]H(DMWPM6JI)!AAY%.@-]2_H*$_7!

&10S(H&]R$69Y35SI.(



^2S((XGXI^))5D-PGMMY1[9V\Y@1M1L/VI=T@
M0*3!D *
_+POY+UYK\^DSVJTCO;(_M#C2UIT)VL]AY9-
T
5*ND@@[JM*RY


?OVP%1'$RO*H/A_.B$%^S

M.PT9[SN@O:#+0_;F4Y$LZ#HI?E=E)8\^CPYM*]9UK84'2#]4\$^2)VO84/*Q
MQAG.0L-C#.;&7/


;U/_V2J;+3L;Y'0FVKK
%55;#G;56/[X5?_E&3O]F37TI\ QQ2=42+F_+8<Z.$
M0^.?S_30M53\.Z,RDR _:@AD.D/<]O+8%@B6T/#E%]K%[
/!N#5Y+G#M[0L

MX96]U#




MXCYSD@$1^YX_I*!U


M9/]LY7'^WC 6EL]3OG*!1DY2HX3Y/T
ILH)

MA3%


MP;''D0*C6M9Y%\RZ+&@+TU!9#JFJ=:D
]'UH1P:&&2





MC5X%B2&?IPND121N+^DYE[RF,_/+)DL/&^=(_F.A&FR_652+.WWY33]'^7/
M_[J@B1^R)(O) R!S!B_Y)F!%H\?(V9C\:(Z1_[.=XJ^SY7HWIU\I%?DU[E_

0\$HB
M<JNM4 M
G!JWKZ
DL#K%^SI74 H)^$#_X
C\F%/*H&?_C4%&@).QU7H+0X$
M$N'SNH(3EJCS+.83^PHFKQ?^-_'BRRBX . JZ%

(4WL[%M<I]M.\'Y(K33^BQ_V0=$5#$I_#FEVP
M6#Q/*UOU0^!M]AA2_RIDWJ%=4]JF'^+NR()R23E*OWBKJBU(UJP?$O]@80:2
M:%Q\0_'Z$+3KA\@_21C^[X@]1_?$2UA$@NLDR4@L)%;1OFNB;\CPM**NR*




O3172ZN@!_%^#?
 P7
\N


V!V:]


M.0$&O8C^593+?/02FMN^]E^9EUI)LM7*BS?\64(7$9U3W^-56'R?91&/UY^L

O![22






MU


K/E9C1%I[=\]PP=KVA52WCU#-

5
T-
! $M!!#;ST:

MV:9Z -E7[?Z-0X&1%[:3!N5BN_7/T%F1$G_/
^)ORGO^)!]5U7P8#$B_A;J#

M#4Z2WAP[[F&C81':'HBZXRG0F2


H;V,I3ZZ??4 &5-D& <F^_+

'DT#
CL
M^T]D\T-[ !-



M[
& =$[; HK44\F.VJE\@K; @K.)
90)TQ9



6W
LBX ?D,:^(Q4;\FUZ?:LFDW#*=#UYRV



M_OO1'L;EK[*48+28@KCUE*N7#VRV)CQ3:?_'9F+&Z&- $76^\6B
/M!15:T=



?

MFY


$M0/R





N:L3]=!GH-Q/$QH]D2*V%_Z$
M'Z-U]AA2?P)=UUZTV9*&C)A#C]=+Z)PF-;@8NGTK?P)4+-C3NX!03LD'_@?'



8^!9(J





M)S@.$50HG77GD!023)S:Z43^H^

MYH5\F*S+*[8GT&-MO=K;REIH.HANDEP1'1*,RD.*GA]@:*8E;)B


.X\&@:AKFM^)XL<BDZ6+RQOT3CRX)?

H1UZ




80#BB$LRCRN



MAWI*2.S



OL5E5K\0%8^V;LQ-XU8(]O0L(Y:_[P/_@G'[8

R_Z

Y]]8T]7@

M4:IN82#BT/?YU;Q)#@\GB.OV)4C1XH[XA#X5%[OM_E8%*+8PI(%Z?9(;B@\+





M:#:_?.$!7K*I+&EI()


MZZI8$UM2@N3'36=QG[; IYY(J@@W6Y# G=$:5FY;4LK44T3M&[=EDJ@$%V48





E)H1_.9+?0KWR8DE!&E7;%LBYC@+J19+O

MMC51@81+^X#C- /1-I87+I
W'@+QBI(I\N9#8$!1\4[=82A
:'Z)(62POU*%

JJHYRN#8

MT$;V

MPHFU3

KI^
#_

M@;&K F5E'#L8&I.CCMG




M





!$\$1@+T^ J'.6I(IUK=G+0/2OERQY*@/\



^G


MS

5:;P:'8WD ]#? **PB-:!E1W







#GXG-!=3BV^PR14KS[L

X*

3]*]<
SXI2_FLJ?


F;NS' 5;X097&3D.I


Q$=
MHQ?5'$%!-RJZ]

MT:SEHMA*@=2J8AV:$-0:S6@)_KSSFM)/Z#[#E8@+^T4^4!TO@%I8E!_2)-
M?(WBUWI60'(Y7Y,[%H97+.:69$T8Z@[H#$#. .0,0,X U)D!2Y4.4.0
P0Y


L0!MR^32JOA27^#NU:CQ

G

&+Z%_%.?'H)329L/ED_Y5Y
.Z
M\B.6I!NR\
+BQ17*@Z2%#F$B\.T^#+)K;?AJ_F.A%PNX55#]_H
UD]DKC*


D2E+=LC105
M :V_=B^#5;952IJU0

7_\GHFD]5&&F:I4R:&\O;0&@3S$A
M7/PB#[$7$)C^W\1\J=JV0,[OTT=^]0!NLU,V;H&@ZRCW0W(!<L\9*:8)T[X5
MLIY(<0#/GF&B)$NZOB6QSV7=Q:&E5-T!9]M#DO;9V_SX$7[^10R2H$D++_\


EB G4%\]N49LV


%NV@N\\]KC

;;1+]N




[





2U32.O6A1

MG8L^J:KR:\BIB\YVQ3Q,=QI)CF;:XPP*#9W)K-035'Z9_=3XP%SS0\C
LZ

M?)4F0QJ%(K\#:9=
I[9&(GH
A@WIAH#J8X*5[6QILK'7'&5P[&IL\ U&ZI_M


.ZJD7T'=




M@T)Z7QX:BM^&#85ZLT 7V;)ES],)U.4;T:C\G'8J*@GNYN%MF28BLQ!0


19S8BI67OGD%E2F?(P;%BW@O%CQL6S6MOO#_@N+?'\K<$]\*FN4^%&

 G6+)
F#



MQ3&;\[)F(*T%?/(B73.XM71%2[=2:&#P^:UE9E[(KH3QP:+M/I*S^Z$B,&



MY7Q._'0V/S#0T

MX2X(

M^WD[M-


M+6XX;

3ZO05%  0B/

M
@ZXMOEVF\:8O(XT




M[G5#D\/4ED



M=]8/%)4: ?;='6*#PZC%2
#G7'EW E<YJ/3^HSR3?GR;TM?P#_ D_1NOL,:3^
M!+JNO6C3,-NW]OB]I/TVI Z7_[L?(I0 50OV]X@E%/V@?_!\?NP%Q0$/_VK

DJL'U;33B^HG&23J



.2QKBO)F_9 BF5-\_N4RYFK;7'$+N?OOGI'G00H;

X)U
MNP^-065^L&YW$ZE5W&VUTY4K+N\Z2J=2]A@
&XH4.$0?$ZSL9&I.X 5]H@'H




C
\4SE0Q@[\RX?%HF+\/Q@


MR82.ZK %*8VL0;F-SI9]*52=K3Q##S=MN$6C8ADL06I?A.3Q[*B1,8K=BG




2KS_HLKJZ((6EQ6L75



SIKBXFC=T7?)A

0#A\6I4O$/*XQZ'C@^&_B


IEUX66J

3+
ME2Y;MN.&(*%]V+;@I5YWJ
@$6]880M%0AD79
C6P6#0N'CMP60:+@S@

_T%C94S2KI: \-'+CKZG5;C@G&KC?3AFXBC!@-' ?



H^
*BXA_;BQ@26(VY\6.6

M*

MU5:U
9[N;MHJBPT450WOH/#)H;C^XK%5UF:Q22_/@: %KC/8[1$H\[8O]@

$/NFT']QS$^S=
EBR:8L[V1TDE10

@AY.
^82O
VW^;<036X]RJULSRU=



^[(%#O64
MD 24V0*\C!AF'8DG8OQ$
[EM26S&JUN**GI]DR4]3;1UW_N2U[2S/I3!9K
H^A2%\\U$Y=:A+K

7)'((6G1E#:'T&<MI_*OSEY/^V15_SZ



]C^&1%^P^?&R)17H'_N(6)JP/VW1J*

+G[CH^E:PE5_K@.CCKG5PY5TE=+OR
MKMK$[ON6)!+FIDE6+H2Q0W[)_K/F*8@!LZY%68^'
W19DBSH4H 1/JCJX\
\#MP4@=1E%55AL=R7_AG3<=)::8@M\ZHFDBF:W!0G<&:UAHD8#
M
_ 2Q^HIHO;6VS))5(*+

U;U/*.!&'UA9X%?VY:9
M(#6\2:)6;#DFY/R+ XQLX1^S$\CCV-%(:-=?&MI6@$]&L&5WT+4;8B+5T=AH
MEY0:VGQ1)P+;,D]4#@Q9V0I;9$O,3EHC*AL-CW8]L*$L%V6)G+&O$H7G6UI%
M!LV[=HVSH7S^5KU[5LR7MOV=Z/HK:.TJ\4-;;(IP]MMF4
*GT3]BEIX@$;O


M[5WT\.8M/^H1]6
O1/VD1]1/O1#U08^H#[T0];





:02


 .
M]3

MGJU)G




MLK('E)4-!U!AI?@6]G&(*G2K5'0R@Y\

)]F\QU7-B

M*7A!UAY=H$81%CQ
A8WH@U7P7@_^2L!FA;L



M0=-6*S7OO^
S+)MEN

MK*)=JYB5TW\6W6:@HL+\.M^=M%4$R=JW2MC7:.[1&
3!/-6 KJIKJF:MD#,
MGS&+%O,LWYQADN2B;A3\=N*BC:]G@9J6

9


MRNX^=N9Q:_9T*WU)]#&FJ_K8@HDX9%WI#1I[.H=BKY!Z@
;..SYC067$L 4)


MGV!F'




MM2:)SL@F@2GIE :'5[8Q0&IAS9236M6F?U+O^&4
DG/RZ+DA$J585K1PB0 N


UB

W8_
0SU*6L4N&O0WX;L?-ZJ\9] :O()ML/X2*1
Z6[VSYSI;O


ML

MY8F/:Q;2W +#0[-91






WBJ(BE#UCVF
0M6=J7?@GIQZZO78K93[

W\'D)-%[G\=(C

M?:+I9AIYX0:8FLU?5\QLO@W93
3)+KU=KST]G\_0^W) :Q)YT&3]S]=+[TH@6LR:
-
MO-)T-&0Z6[#RF6?OS7$QT$]03:


M/1:
KSN$Y7^81#I#MC-D.T/V 
\!9[1V1FMGM'9&Z]KV1O/RADH9L6Y:#OEC






3YO@.3-:91

0] W/GX0NEO!@^D1B;T$N

M#**

MG'.W3SM4=Q/L1&#5D8=/*$!A4 :N[A*2@8Y'9B'R=:W\W85

D3]V M1/^D1]5
O1'W0






 I-*6T]WP2VCP*32SMQ=[
DH

M#S(X3! 6TNYB-0:'!MKGT%U0Q2@PJ71Y=!CG
#A0\!X76P165[?2)9LTBT'1
M\6ATL&I&4D$0ZW#H
-.#P78_1&AD3HT.5





M&NNR)^ALJFFU[=/O]/[]Y#%+@(DDF21DD3^(R9K%N;Y1:AXL2B:/F^.&]3Q)

8
MY=]K?^'T:=V:)@E)19:XXJ')2\S/60Q( MZ5
T[1RD0*'FS)/LT_./P=DOS4
MCX+IBD^'O_+?!3Q@NIK\$I]BEB2W


G)KFICT
EX5DJ()5T)QD\JZ^/\T\X_


%#U





QXZX^&I&@^[(?9/0A=+V.*G3R3V
M%N1+QF.LRVV_V!!G60JG:

U%I.NP+Q[%9#%\
M :D%C==)DI% YK[$=C=Y^DAIW/L





LM?Y]1BUCB%3+K#M.




MZN&

N@JJ4


M&JW+^



UI7




%Z1/3=C%&;HXP\I#C2$.$UNXUY'L60/YS!:\U(&8 B')

T:UE^K


M6V3FX#;9\@FYC:FP9E=/;Q\SP'LW\%Y':4RCA/H\D:XK2(7OLP3$3I?VT7LL







MD#0-\ZU5P RJK]&M+Z^HSDDDR2RZ?.&7X60T67*Z9O

M9G-A0

M=_A&HS








[Q2.E;Q\8R2G78P@F'FV+Y7YL

W<#:<6&$W1<P5F-DR0NG)!
:595'WE+;




M(_*.7YD3D6!KY)3B*F]LZ.XP1#[?4;O)AS$2_;-!HK?:^
&1EF#R6&5]7/ZP

FX[@QL]ED<




@P6OG@VP.U%I;$#)[6G=R4]C


M.M=L 
BM[M0@;OU.Y5O _$X(@SDBW

M@K.TK3VAE@
N2F,T5
MOS!O28)\$Q+85JH;F[1\OE(D-M;N-SFL!VJ$U#OO^3-,N9AZ1U-3VG80./_)
MXF_7$0AX/A'6JAN[ SDSD#N#.3CLE -^:ATIF9G:NY=!;?''N%4<#VIMKLI
M





MF##38
6U\#0N:M*4-^!*OTZM


)<Y @Y6162QJU!:%JQ?.P8D.GYZDM
M4*H=4!(MWQ8OG'(^(?5O6_!03PJT+F\+))J;LL+69$L$N7+A:CBMFB.5.T
M;2^VI/MHXM3 :&#+S.HW<F;@T\=%SM0I<UG+[S3V2(Y1^/)4U[I=*NK3\J2
MV





0QGY4'5)7GY01#:+JV:EJWZTC11+HD
VS6_QB79B=C)+ER1^6'K1;!OW1&*?
M0J\MX7^6(=_3(N([Y^H9L'K FT5M [HJ^<CTHV/:6<IH*);VEQUKI*PK65Y


M[R/\-(R]DM%W0)S





MXC7T$7@U8QB
ZK]N&E6S%7S@C_#!F^XLSGR)UFU=/D[? IZO!S=E/+L@S4[L


M/V_(\96XQXEC;N8&C9I+_3.P;IS=\#A9U:






$/N]MO38
 ^7HRIQKD
M/Z$#Q<O-_'(HX!OQJ4[COWI*=I'I8*GB5.7-P'7V[A<[(:TP2EP
P5NIL#-


M%


+0'8H3NCWXV(E#<K<\];TB/

Y/L\Y@);G9=[MA9VF% F+V79V%-N:PL-VOT
M*N:MS2P6V W#(BT$Q2L4A8]D@0Y1AF(16_*G+9!?%'&+JU^M-D/L*1 L0SJ


X&2W0W)R'_#V\R



_^Q8AG:_H3HA$MMF79FC+U

1[E/X0MVU4/&^#!;:%\;Y
[PTI






-OX=0++:_*.

QOV3O
[.'




MW&)*G'8%YD\\A5NL'FMU='BKC;%ZGKVG[&1\5J:;PLC5G\ ))KE+_1P.+X\E

U&*H/







MG\A[K/TRF ?W\_@
$
)']:1D$LG;;%)0;L%^L;= LLI$C*RAX


&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ &I0*2Z+N0\17I   3U8) !4              ( !Q]< &QN9&
M
M
C Q-S U


end



