

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-17-000864
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170407
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFEWAY FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				363442829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17363
		FILM NUMBER:		17751427
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-967-1010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053









     






Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)




 2016



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
(Name of registrant as specified in
its charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    


6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois
60053
(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)


(Registrant's telephone number
 including
area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:



    
    

    
    

Common Stock
 No Par Value
    



Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:




a well-known seasoned issuer
&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &quot;large accelerated filer&quot;
 &quot;accelerated filer&quot; and &quot;smaller reporting company&quot; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.


    
    
    
    



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of
June 30
 2016 ($9.67 per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market) was $44
803
227

 2017
 16
154
095 shares of
the registrant's common stock
 no par value
 were outstanding.

for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 16
 2017
 are incorporated by reference into Part III.




    
    







    
    

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    





the &quot;safe harbor&quot; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 readers are advised that this
document
 any document incorporated by reference herein
 and other documents we file with the SEC
 contain forward looking
statements. In addition
 we
 or others on our behalf
 may make forward looking statements in press releases or written
statements
 or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through
meetings
 webcasts
 phone calls
 and conference calls. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements.
These statements use words
 variations of words
 and negatives of words such as &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;next
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expand
&rdquo; and &ldquo;grow.&rdquo; Examples of forward looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 (i)
projections of revenues
 income or loss
 earnings or losses per share
 capital expenditures
 dividends
 capital structure and
other financial items
 (ii) statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.'s (&quot;Lifeway&quot; or the &quot;Company&quot;) plans and
objectives
 including the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers
suppliers
 competitors or regulatory authorities
 (iii) statements of future economic performance
 and (iv) statements of
assumptions underlying other statements and statements about Lifeway or its business.


based on management&rsquo;s beliefs
 assumptions
 estimates and observations of future events based on information available
to our management at the time the statements are made and include any statements that do not relate to any historical or
current fact. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks
 uncertainties and
assumptions that are difficult to predict. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed
 implied
or forecast by our forward looking statements due in part to the risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions that include



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1
 &quot;Business&quot;
 Item 1A &quot;Risk Factors&quot; and Item 7
 &quot;Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&quot; and that are described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.



not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any
of our forward looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future
results. We intend these forward looking statements to speak only at the date made. Except as otherwise required to be
disclosed in periodic reports required to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(&quot;SEC&quot;) pursuant to the SEC's rules
 we have no duty to update these statements
 and we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or
otherwise.




    
    









 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;
&quot;Lifeway&quot;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was co-founded in 1986 by Michael and Ludmila Smolyansky shortly after
their emigration from Russia to the United States. Mr. and Mrs. Smolyansky were the first to successfully introduce kefir to the
U.S. consumer on a commercial scale
 initially catering to ethnic consumers in the Chicago
 Illinois metropolitan area. In the
thirty years that have followed
 Lifeway has grown to become the largest producer and marketer of kefir in the U.S. and an important
player in the broader market spaces of probiotic-based products and natural
 &quot;better for you&quot; foods.




a fermented dairy product. Kefir has a tart and tangy taste similar to yogurt and the consistency of a smoothie. Kefir also has
a slightly effervescent quality all its own. Unlike yogurt
 Lifeway incorporates a unique blend of probiotic kefir cultures in
the fermentation process. The probiotic feature
 in concert with the base-line nutritional value of a staple beverage that is high
in protein
 calcium and vitamin D
 and low in calories
 presents a unique and differentiated taste profile.


under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. Our product categories are:


Drinkable kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including
low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable
 frozen
 and freeze dried formats
 designed for
children.

Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.




 2016
 the Company offered
over 50 varieties of its kefir products including more than 20 flavors. In late 2016
 we announced that we would begin offering
Kefir Cups
 a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both
served in resealable 5 oz. containers with mini-spoons. We have also announced that we will begin offering Lifeway Elixir
 a line
of sparkling organic probiotic beverages
 and probiotic supplements for adults and children. Because these product line launches
occurred in late 2016 or early 2017
 they had no significant impact on 2016 financial performance.


for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
105
983
    
100
812
    

    
10
258
    
9
725
    

    
6
383
    
6
775
    

    
1
255
    
1
275
    

    
123
879
    
118
587
    





    
    


Product innovation and new product
development


position as the leading producer of kefir and routinely evaluates opportunities for new product flavors and formulations
 improved
package design
 new product configurations and other innovation opportunities. Beyond our kefir products
 the Company has an ongoing
effort to extend the strength of the Lifeway brand and leverage the capabilities of the Lifeway organization into categories outside
of the dairy aisle
 including into non-food categories. As noted above
 these product innovation and development efforts led to
the launch of our cupped kefir and cupped cheese product line
 a line of probiotic supplements
 and a probiotic beverage line.


of new products to be a significant part of our overall business philosophy and leverages its existing staff to conduct its innovation
research
 and development efforts
 rather than a dedicated research and development staff. Accordingly
 we did not incur significant
research and development expenses in 2016.






 approximately 99% of
our revenue was derived from products manufactured at our own facilities. We currently operate the following manufacturing and
distribution facilities:


Morton Grove
 Illinois
 which produces drinkable kefir
 our drinkable ProBugs kefir
 and cheese
products;

Skokie
 Illinois
 which produces cheese products;

Waukesha
 Wisconsin
 which produces drinkable kefir products and our drinkable ProBugs products
and which has the capacity to store and distribute products;

Niles
 Illinois
 which stores and distributes all products
 including those manufactured by co-packers;

Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 which produces drinkable kefir and cheese products.


 and
all our fixed assets associated with manufacturing
 storage
 and distribution of our products are located in the United States.




our own facilities
 independent manufacturers (&ldquo;co-packers&rdquo;) manufacture some of our products. We have co-packer agreements
to manufacture drinkable kefir in European markets
 our freeze-dried ProBugs kefir products
 our frozen kefir products
 our probiotic
supplements
 and our sparkling organic probiotic beverages. During&nbsp;2016 and 2015
 approximately 1% of our revenue was derived
from products manufactured by independent co-packers. Our co-packers are audited regularly by our staff and are required to follow
our specifications and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Additionally
 the co-packers are required to ensure our products are
manufactured in accordance with our quality and safety specifications and that they are compliant with all applicable laws and
regulations.





direct sales force
 brokers and distributors. Our sales organization strives to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships with
our customers that facilitate favorable shelf placement for our products
 which
 we believe will drive sales volumes when combined
with our marketing efforts and our brand strength. Our relationships with food brokers provide additional retail customer coverage
as a supplement to our direct sales force. These brokers are paid commissions that vary based on the scope of services provided
and customers served.




    
    





four primary &quot;route-to-market&quot; pathways:



Direct
store delivery (&quot;DSD&quot;);
Retail
sales.



 our products
are sold to the retailer and shipped to that retailer's distribution center. In turn our retail customer then delivers the product
to its respective stores within its chain. Customers in this route-to-market grouping include among others Kroger
 Walmart and
Costco. Under the retail direct model
 optimal product merchandising
 assortments and product presentation are attended to by the
retailer with support from Lifeway's broker network. Sales to our retail-direct customers represents about 50% of total Company
net sales.


 our products
are sold to distributors and shipped to those distributors&rsquo; designated warehouses. In turn
 our distributor customers then
sell the product to their retail customers and ship the products to their retail customers. Our distributors often use a DSD model
of their own to make deliveries directly to individual stores but also make deliveries to a retailer's warehouse. Our distributor
customers include among others United Natural Foods
 Kehe Foods and C&amp;S Wholesale. Optimal product merchandising
 assortments
and product presentation at the retail end of the channel are attended to by the distributor with support from Lifeway's broker
network. Sales to our distributor customers represents about 45% of total Company net sales.


to market
 we distribute our products directly to the grocer's dairy cooler using a fleet of Company-owned vehicles and a team
of Lifeway merchandisers who engage face-to-face with store management to ensure optimal product assortments and presentation.
We operate our DSD model in the Chicago
 Illinois metropolitan area only. Sales to our DSD customers represents approximately 5%
of total Company net sales.


 Illinois metropolitan
area
 Lifeway operates three retail stores and a food truck under its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary. The Company sells its frozen
kefir products through these retail outlets. Sales through these retail outlets represents less than 1% of net sales.

.



distributed within the United States; however
 certain of our distributors sell our products to retailers in Mexico
 Costa Rica
Dubai
 Hong Kong
 China
 portions of South America
 and the Caribbean. Additionally
 the Company's products reach consumers in
Canada
 the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 Norway
 and Sweden under third party co-manufacturing agreements and in-country distributor
arrangements. Sales outside the United States represents less than 1% of net sales.




independent distributors allow us the latitude to establish new relationships with independent distributors as the need arises.
Lifeway does not offer exclusive territories to any of its distributors.


products at wholesale prices for distribution to their retail accounts. Lifeway believes that the price at which its products are
sold to its distributors is competitive with the prices generally paid by distributors for similar products in the markets served.
Due to the perishable nature of our products and the costs associated with moving product back through the channel
 the Company
does not offer return privileges to any of its distributors or channel customers; however
 from time to time we do provide our
customers with allowances for non-saleable product.




    
    





 trade
promotions
 and consumer promotions to market our products.

Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion
Allowances


and trade promotional programs to its retailer and distributor customers from time to time in the normal course of business. These
sales incentives and trade promotion programs typically include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable
product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. Trade promotions support price features
 displays
 and other merchandising
of our products by our retail and distributor customers. These arrangements are recorded as a reduction to net sales in the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated statements of operations.

Consumer Promotions and Marketing
Campaigns


variety of marketing and media campaigns - primarily digital and social media
 print advertising in some newspapers and magazines
and
 to a lesser extent
 targeted television advertising. These marketing and media efforts are complemented by participation in
sponsorships of cultural and community events
 various festivals
 industry-related trade shows
 and in-store promotional events.
Our consumer marketing efforts also include cooperative advertising programs with our retail customers and various couponing campaigns
online consumer relationship programs
 and other similar forms of promotions.



demand with new and existing consumers by elevating awareness and consumption of kefir and probiotics
 as well as enhancing our
brand equity. Our awareness marketing seeks to promote the verifiable nutritional profile
 purity
 benefits
 and good taste of
our kefir.




domestic kefir producers and consequently faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products; however
 Lifeway's kefir-based
products compete with other dairy products
 notably spoonable and drinkable yogurt
 and
 increasingly
 with non-dairy probiotic
products that incorporate kefir cultures but are not kefir. Many of our competitors are well-established and have significantly
greater financial resources than Lifeway to promote their products.




cane and other forms of sugar from unaffiliated suppliers. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of packaging
materials to package our products and natural gas
 fuels
 and electricity for our facilities. Purchases are made through purchase
orders or contracts
 and price
 delivery terms
 and product specifications vary. Although the prices for our principal ingredients
can fluctuate based on economic
 weather
 and other conditions
 Lifeway believes it has ready access to multiple suppliers for
all ingredient and packaging requirements.




 2016
 two
distributors
 United Natural Foods
 Inc. and KEHE
 represented approximately 15% and 8% of the Company's total net sales. These
customers collectively accounted for approximately 25% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2016.





one reportable segment based on how the Company's chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the
Chief Operating Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of the consolidated
revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials
and are sold to consumers through a network of distributors and retailers in the United States.




    
    





 1999 Danone SA
 through subsidiaries
(collectively &ldquo;Danone&rdquo;)
 has been the beneficial owner of approximately 20% of the outstanding common stock of Lifeway.
Lifeway and Danone are parties to a Stockholders' Agreement dated October 1
 1999
 which as amended provides Danone the right to
nominate one director
 provides Danone with anti-dilutive rights relating to certain future offerings and issuances of capital
stock
 and grants Danone limited registration rights.




and service marks that have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We also own other trademarks and
service marks for which we have filed applications for U.S. registration. We have licenses to use certain trademarks inside and
outside of the United States and to certain product formulas
 all subject to the terms of the agreements under which such licenses
are granted. The Company's policy is to pursue registration of its marks whenever appropriate and to vigorously oppose any infringements
of its marks. The Company regards its Lifeway family of trademarks and other trademarks as having substantial value and as being
an important factor in the marketing of its products. The loss of such identification would have a material adverse impact on our
operations and share price.


 trademarks are
generally valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have
become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. In
addition
 we own numerous copyrights
 registered and unregistered
 registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 technology
know-how
 processes and other proprietary rights that are not registered.




by federal
 state and local governmental authorities. In the United States
 agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing
 and
distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the United States Food &amp;
Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (&ldquo;EPA&rdquo;)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;) and their state and
local equivalents. Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for quality
safety
 and representation of our products to consumers. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating to our organic
products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&quot;NOP&quot;)
 we rely on third parties to
certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Our facilities are subject to various laws and regulations
regarding the release of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways.


 we are subject to the laws
and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food Standards
Agency in the United Kingdom; the Canadian Food Inspection Agency in Canada; the National Service of Health
 Food Safety and Agro-Food
Quality (known by its Spanish-language acronym &ldquo;SENASICA&rdquo;) and the Federal Commission for the Protection from Sanitary
Risks (&ldquo;COFEPRIS&rdquo;) in Mexico; the Food Safety Authority in Ireland; and the European Food Safety Authority which supports
the European Commission
 as well as individual country
 province
 state
 and local regulations.




organic raw milk. Raw milk primarily contains raw skim milk
 in addition to a small percentage of butterfat and other components.
The federal government establishes minimum prices for raw milk purchased in federally regulated areas. Some states have established
their own rules for determining minimum prices. The federal government announces prices for raw milk each month. While we are subject
to federal government regulations that establish minimum prices for milk
 the prices we pay producers of organic raw milk are generally
well above such minimum prices
 as organic milk production is generally costlier
 and organic milk therefore commands a price premium.
In addition to the prices for raw milk
 we also pay producer (&ldquo;over-order&rdquo;) premiums
 federal order administration
costs
 and other related charges that vary by milk product
 location
 and supplier.




    
    






to ensure the safety of our products. In addition to routine inspections by state and federal regulatory agencies
 including the
USDA and FDA
 we have instituted Company-wide quality systems that address topics such as supplier control; ingredient
 packaging
and product specifications; preventive maintenance; pest control; and sanitation. Each of our facilities also has in place a hazard
analysis critical control points (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. To the extent that the federal Food Safety
Modernization Act applies to Lifeway&rsquo;s business
 we develop food safety plans and implement preventive measures to protect
against food contamination. We also maintain a product recall plan
 including lot identifiability and traceability measures that
allow us to act quickly to reduce the risk of consumption of any product that we suspect may pose a health issue.


 including
product liability coverage
 which we believe to be sufficient to cover potential product liabilities.


(&ldquo;SQF&rdquo;) program at all of our facilities. SQF is a fully integrated food safety and quality management protocol designed
specifically for the food sector. The SQF code
 based on universally accepted CODEX Alimentarius
 HACCP guidelines and the Global
Food Safety Initiative (&ldquo;GFSI&rdquo;) standards
 offers a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously.
Safe Quality Food or SQF certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies
with international
 regulatory and other specified standards. Our Waukesha facility is SQF level III certified
 the highest level
of such certification from GFSI.








 2016 the Company employed
approximately 320 employees
 approximately 125 of which were members of a union bargaining unit.




investors at www.lifeway.net and it makes available
 free of charge
 through this website its annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports that the Company files with or furnishes to
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;SEC&quot;)
 as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such
material with
 or furnishes it to
 the SEC.




    
    


ITEM 1A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RISK FACTORS


business
 you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &quot;Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&quot;
contained in Part II
 Item 7 and &quot;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&quot; contained in Part II
 Item
7A. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware
of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the
events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of
operations
 and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

Our product categories face a high level
of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


retailer shelf space in each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and
satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. We believe that our brands have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce
products in their categories
 and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded
products
 as well as from private label competitors. Some of our competitors
 such as Danone
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Dean Foods
WhiteWave Foods
 Hain Celestial Group
 and Nestle S.A.
 have substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and
others may be able to introduce innovative products more quickly or market their products more successfully than we can
 which
could cause our growth rate to be slower than we anticipate and could cause sales to decline.


products
 which have lower ingredient and production-related costs. As a result
 these competing producers may be able to offer
their products to customers at a lower price point. This could cause us to lower our prices
 resulting in lower profitability or
in the alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
 private label competitors are generally
able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have lower marketing costs than their branded
counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private label offerings
 demand for our products
and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted.


 due to high levels of competition
certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our products or may become more resistant to price increases for our
products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on
our results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy
for our brands on a timely basis or at all.


in part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of leveraging our existing brands with our current and new products to
drive increased sales. Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:



enter into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third-party
retailers and other potential distributors of our products;



compete successfully in the product categories in which we choose
to operate;



introduce new and appealing products and innovate successfully on
our existing products;











enter into strategic arrangements with third-party suppliers to obtain
necessary raw materials.


strategy successfully
 and our sales and income growth rates may not be sustainable over time. Our sales and results of operations
will be negatively affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately
proves unsuccessful.




    
    


If we fail to anticipate and respond
to changes in consumer preferences
 demand for our products could decline.


to predict and they evolve over time. Demand for our products depends on our ability to identify and offer products that appeal
to these shifting preferences. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences include:



dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such
as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages;



concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and
nutrients
 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals;



concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with
obesity
 particularly among young people;



decisions by non-dairy beverage manufacturers to mislabel their products
as &ldquo;kefir&rdquo; in order to benefit from our branding and marketing efforts
 a marketing ploy that can cause significant
confusion and misunderstanding among consumers; and



increased awareness of the environmental and social effects of food
processing. 


our sales volumes and our business could be negatively affected.

We are subject to the risk of product
contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial
costs.


involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties
 inadvertent mislabeling
product contamination or spoilage including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced
during the storage
 processing
 handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or production
processes violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our
products cause injury
 illness
 or death.


 we may be required
to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products or cease operations
 which may lead to a material adverse effect
on our business. In addition
 customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if a situation does
not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 and even if we and each of our co-packers and suppliers comply in all material respects
with all applicable laws and regulations
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product
liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused
illness or physical harm
 including the risk of reputational harm being magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination
of information over the Internet
 including through news articles
 blogs
 chat rooms
 and social media
 could adversely affect
our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
 claims or liabilities
of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others.
We maintain product liability insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate. However
 we cannot be sure that we will not
incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability
judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
results of operations or liquidity.

We rely on independent certification for a number of our products
and facilities.



such as certifications of our products as &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;gluten-free
&rdquo; to differentiate our products from
others. The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as a probiotic-based products and
natural
 &quot;better for you&quot; foods Company
 which could harm our business. We rely on independent SQF certification at
some of our facilities
 a certification that some of our customers require us to maintain.




    
    



organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. For example
 we can lose our &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly cleaned after
a production run. In addition
 all organic raw materials must be certified organic. Our products could lose their organic certifications
if our raw material suppliers lose their organic certifications. Similarly
 we could lose our SQF certification if we do not meet
the requirements established by GFSI. The loss of these certifications could cause us to lose customers that require Lifeway products
and/or facilities to carry some or all of them
 which could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.

The loss of any of our largest customers
could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


23% of our net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016. Where we enter into written agreements with our customers
 they
are generally terminable or after short notice periods by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts based
on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we lose.
The loss of any large customer for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully complete
strategic acquisitions
 establish joint ventures
 or integrate brands that we acquire.


in part through the acquisition of new brands and through the establishment of strategic alliances including potential joint ventures.
We cannot be certain that we will successfully be able to:



identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners
and accurately assess their value
 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;



secure regulatory clearance for our acquisitions
and joint ventures;



negotiate acquisitions and joint ventures
on terms acceptable to us; or







the level of sales or profitability that justify our investment in them
 or an acquired company may have unidentified liabilities
for which we
 as a successor owner
 may be responsible. These transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial
and other challenges
 including the existence of unknown disputes
 liabilities
 or contingencies and changes in the industry
 location
or regulatory or political environment in which these investments are located
 that may arise after entering into such arrangements.


will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired brands or products into our existing operations. We may experience
difficulty entering new categories or geographies
 integrating new products into our product mix
 integrating an acquired brand's
distribution channels and sales force
 achieving anticipated cost savings
 or retaining key personnel and customers of the acquired
business. Integrating an acquired brand or products into our existing operations requires management resources and may divert management's
attention from our day-to-day operations. If we are not successful in integrating the operations of acquired brands or products
or in executing strategies and business plans related to our joint ventures
 our business could be negatively affected.


 incur debt
 or issue
equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities to pay for any such acquisition
 any of which could adversely affect our financial results.

Our continued success depends on our
ability to innovate successfully and to innovate on a cost-effective basis.



to introduce new and appealing products and to successfully innovate on our existing products. Success in product development
is affected by our ability to anticipate consumer preferences
 and to launch new or improved products successfully and on a cost-effective
basis. Furthermore
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial marketing expenditures
 which we may
not be able to finance or which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not achieve commercial success and gain widespread
market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in our product innovation efforts
 our business could be negatively affected.




    
    


Increases in the cost of raw milk could
reduce our gross margin and profit.


 our primary
raw material
 is an agricultural commodity that is subject to price fluctuations. Although both conventional and organic milk prices
in fiscal 2016 were relatively low compared to historical levels
 there can be no assurance that such prices will remain at these
levels in the future. The supply and price of raw milk may be impacted by
 among other things
 weather
 natural disasters
 real
or perceived supply shortages
 lower dairy and crop yields
 general increases in farm inputs and costs of production
 political
and economic conditions
 labor actions
 government actions
 and trade barriers. Increases in the market price for raw milk or over-order
premiums charged by producers may also impact our ability to enter into purchase commitments at a fixed price. There can be no
assurance that our purchasing practices will mitigate future price risk. As a result
 increases in the cost of raw milk could have
an adverse impact on our profitability.


 the dairy industry continues to
experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic farming
compared to costs of conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of organic
raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause higher input costs and
reduce our ability to deliver product to our customers. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits
to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of
these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any
increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected.

Reduced availability of raw materials
and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for them
 could adversely affect us.


and other inputs in addition to conventional and organic raw milk
 such as sweeteners
 diesel fuel
 packaging material
 resin
and other commodities. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued
supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. In addition
 some of our raw materials are also
agricultural products
 and therefore subject to the same vulnerabilities described above for raw milk. Other events that adversely
affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and
other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers'
businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
 and reputation.


products are less plentiful and available from a fewer number of suppliers than their conventional counterparts. Competition with
other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic
products increases.

Interruption of our supply chain
 including a disruption in
operations at any of our production and distribution facilities
 could affect our ability to manufacture or distribute products
could adversely affect our business and sales
 and/or could increase our operating costs and capital expenditures.


 in part
on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing
needs. Our ongoing initiatives to expand our production platform and our productive capacity could fail to achieve such objectives
and in any case could increase our operating costs beyond our expectations and could require significant additional capital expenditures.
If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing
 and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution
 and warehousing costs may increase
 which could
negatively affect our business.


co-packers that require them to provide us with specific finished goods
 including kefir
 probiotic supplements
 and probiotic
beverages. For some of these products
 we essentially rely on a single co-packer as our sole source for the product. The failure
for any reason of any such sole source or other co-packer to fulfill its obligations under the applicable agreements with us or
the termination or renegotiation of any such co-pack agreement could result in disruptions to our supply of finished goods and
have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 our co-packers are subject to risk
 including labor disputes
union organizing activities
 financial liquidity
 inclement weather
 natural disasters
 supply constraints
 and general economic
and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable products
 which could disrupt our
supply of finished goods
 or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or
taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing a new co-pack arrangement with another
provider. A new co-pack arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as our existing co-pack arrangements
 if at
all.




    
    



capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our
business or implement our strategic growth plan
 and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations.

Disruption of our supply or distribution
chains could adversely affect our business.


distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial
or operational instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing
 and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair
our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. We rely on a limited number of production and distribution facilities. A
disruption in operations at any of these facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain relating to common carriers
 supply
of raw materials and finished goods
 or otherwise
 whether as a result of casualty
 natural disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications
failure
 terrorism
 labor shortages
 contractual disputes or other causes
 could significantly impair our ability to operate our
business and adversely affect our relationship with our customers. If we are unable or it is not financially feasible to mitigate
the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected and additional
resources could be required to restore our supply chain.

Our debt and financial obligations could
adversely affect our financial condition and ability to operate our business.


 2016
 we had outstanding
borrowings of approximately $7 million substantially all of which consists of term loan borrowings. We also had additional borrowing
capacity of approximately $5 million under our line of credit
 of which none was outstanding as of December 31
 2016.


that among other things:



require us to maintain a minimum fixed charge ratio and a tangible
net worth threshold;



limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for
working capital
 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;



limit our future ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable
to us or at all;



limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our
business and market conditions or in funding our strategic growth plan; and






arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy.


will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of
our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of
these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all.


If market interest rates increase
 it will increase our debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow.




    
    



that restrict our ability to:











make specified types of investments and
acquisitions;



pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase
stock;







enter into transactions with affiliates;
and







business could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities
and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply
with these covenants. Unless cured or waived
 a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit
agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

We may need additional financing in the
future
 and we may not be able to obtain that financing.


 we may need additional financing
to support our business and pursue our growth strategy
 including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing
if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
 the condition of the capital markets
 and other
factors.&nbsp; We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required
 or at all.
If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities
 those securities may have rights
preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and equity-linked securities
 our existing
stockholders may experience dilution.

We are subject to risks associated with our international
sales and operations
 including foreign currency risks and risks from our expansion into countries in which we have no prior operating
experience.


footprint in order to enter into new markets. This may involve expanding into countries other than those in which we currently
operate. It may involve expanding into less developed countries
 which may have less political
 social or economic stability and
less developed infrastructure and legal systems. It is costly to establish
 develop and maintain international operations and develop
and promote our brands in international markets. As we expand our business into new countries we may encounter regulatory
 personnel
technological
 and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This
may have a material adverse effect on our business.


as we expand outside of the United States may include
 among other things:



legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions that differ
from those in the United States and change from time to time
 such as tax
 labor
 and trade laws
 as well as laws that affect our
ability to manufacture
 market
 or sell our products;



political and economic instability
 such
as the United Kingdom&rsquo;s prospective withdrawal from the European Union;

trade protection measures and price controls;
and

diminished protection of intellectual
property in some countries.




    
    



our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Loss of our key management or other personnel
or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
 could negatively impact our business.


 working relationships
and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Employee strikes and other labor-related
disruptions may adversely affect our operations.


and conditions of employment for a significant portion of our workforce. Although we believe union relations since the union&rsquo;s
certification as the exclusive bargaining representative of this portion of our workforce have been amicable
 there is no assurance
that this will continue in the future or that we will not be subject to future union organizing activity. There are potential adverse
effects of labor disputes with our own employees or by others who provide warehousing
 transportation
 and distribution
 both domestic
and foreign
 of our raw materials or other products. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we
are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our
business
 financial condition
 or results of operations. The terms and conditions of existing
 renegotiated
 or new collective
bargaining agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes
to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability
to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.


particularly our trademarks
 but also our trade secrets
 copyrights
 and licenses
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our
business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark
 copyright
 and trade secret
laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements
 and by policing third-party
misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.


infringed third parties' intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those without merit
could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate the challenged
intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 divert management's attention and resources
or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party's intellectual property. Any
royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
 a successful
claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly license or royalty
agreements
 or stop the sale of certain products
 any of which could have a negative effect on our results of operations.

Litigation or legal proceedings could
expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation.


and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. These claims and legal proceedings may include lawsuits or claims
relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment
matters
 environmental matters
 regulatory compliance
 or other aspects of our business. Even when not merited
 the defense of
these claims and legal proceedings may divert our management&rsquo;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending
these claims and proceedings. In addition
 we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions
or other equitable remedies
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations.
The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict
 and the outcome of pending or future claims and legal proceedings may
have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations. We evaluate these claims and legal
proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based
on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate.
These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount
of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. If actual outcomes
or losses differ materially from our current assessments and estimates or additional claims or legal proceedings are initiated
we could be exposed to significant liabilities.




    
    


Our business is subject to various environmental
and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs or subject us to liabilities.


requirements in the United States relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters
 including the Clean
Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
 and
the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes and regulations
in the United States and in each of the foreign countries in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern
 among other
things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal
of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment.


 including
fines
 penalties and other sanctions
 cleanup costs
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result
of the failure to comply with
 or liabilities under
 environmental
 health
 and safety requirements. New legislation
 as well as
current federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters
 could require us to replace equipment
install additional pollution controls
 purchase various emission allowances
 or curtail operations. These costs could negatively
affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Violations of laws or regulations related
to the food industry
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations related to the food industry
could adversely affect our business.


is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related
to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well
as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to
extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among other federal and state authorities
 the U.S. FDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
(&quot;FTC&quot;)
 and the U.S. Departments of Agriculture
 Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities in the foreign
countries in which we do business. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration
and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers.


 the marketing and advertising
of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and
foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our
products to children.


relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&quot;NOP&quot;)
 we
rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Regulations and formal and informal
positions taken by the NOP pursuant to the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 are subject to continued
review and scrutiny.


introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
 our
customers
 or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
 increased
regulatory scrutiny could interrupt distribution of our products or force changes in our production processes and our products.
Further
 if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
including fines
 injunctions
 or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business.

Three of our directors and executive
officers control a significant portion of our common stock and their interests may not align with the interests of our other shareholders.




 the chairperson of
our board
 Julie Smolyansky
 our chief executive officer
 president and director and Edward Smolyansky
 our chief operating officer
treasurer and secretary (together
 the &quot;Smolyansky Family&quot;) own approximately 49.8% of our issued and outstanding common
stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors
often perceive a disadvantage in owning shares in a company with one or several controlling shareholders.




    
    




 our directors and officers
as a group
 which own in excess of 49.8% of our issued and outstanding common stock have the ability to significantly influence
or control the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder approval
 including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions
 such as mergers
 consolidations or the sale of substantially all of our assets.


the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity
to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our Company and might reduce the price of our common stock. In addition
without the consent of the Smolyansky Family
 we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to
us. The Smolyansky Family may cause us to take actions that are opposed by other shareholders as their interests may differ from
those of other shareholders.

We have identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting. Maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting requires a continuing
investment in organizational capabilities and our failure to maintain effective control could result in material misstatements
in our financial statements
 our failure to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information
 which in turn could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.


in our internal control over financial reporting. A description of the material weakness can be found in Item 9A of this report.
As a result of such weaknesses
 our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting were not effective as of December 31
 2016.


has been remediated
 or should new material weaknesses arise or be discovered in the future
 material misstatements could occur
and go undetected in the Company's interim or annual consolidated financial statements and we may be required to restate our financial
statements. In addition
 we may experience delays in satisfying our reporting obligations or to comply with SEC rules and regulations
which could result in investigations and sanctions by regulatory authorities. Any of these results could adversely affect our
business and the value of our common stock.

ITEM 1B&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;PROPERTIES 





    
    
    
    
    

Morton Grove
 Illinois
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 principal executive offices

Waukesha
 Wisconsin
    
    
    
Production of kefir
 administrative offices

Niles
 Illinois
    
    
    
Distribution center
 administrative offices

Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania 
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 administrative offices

Skokie
 Illinois
    
    
    
    

Chicago
 Illinois
    
    
    
    

Chicago
 Illinois
    
    
    
    



adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required.
The Company believes that Lifeway has adequate insurance coverage for all of its properties.




    
    


ITEM 3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


matters arising in the ordinary course of business none of which presently is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
on our financial position or results of operations.


ITEM 4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
















    
    




ITEM 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES



Global Market under the symbol &quot;LWAY.&quot; Trading commenced on March 29
 1988. As of March 1
 2017
 there were approximately
173 holders of record of Lifeway's Common Stock.




sale prices per share of our common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market for each quarter during the two most recent fiscal
years is set forth in the following table:



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






dividends. From time to time however our Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends depending on the Company's operating
cash flow
 financial condition
 capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant.


fiscal 2016 or 2015.




    
    







    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
41
607
    
41
607
3
019

    
35
054
    
35
054
2
647

    
59
526
    
59
526
1
958

    
136
187
    
136
187
1
958

    
    
    
    
    

    
8
401
    
8
401
1
857

    
26
111
    
26
111
1
563

    
4
077
    
4
077
1
518

    
23
473
    
23
473
1
287

    
7
135
    
7
135
1
220

    
69
197
    
69
197
1
220




    
    
    

 the Company had a publicly announced
        share repurchase program. Under this program
 which was announced on September 24
 2015
 the Company's Board of Directors authorized
        the purchase of up to $3.5 million of Company stock. The program has no expiration date.
        

    
    
Includes 30
000 shares purchased by the Company in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations.


ITEM 6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA




ITEM 7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 should be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report
on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information
 the following discussion contains certain forward looking statements within
the &quot;safe harbor&quot; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our
future plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &quot;may&quot;
&quot;will&quot;
 &quot;could&quot;
 &quot;expect&quot;
 &quot;anticipate&quot;
 &quot;intend&quot;
 &quot;believe&quot;
 &quot;estimate&quot;
&quot;plan&quot;
 &quot;predict&quot;
 and similar terms or terminology
 or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology.
Although we believe the expectations expressed in these forward looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within
the bounds of our knowledge of our business
 our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements.
Factors that could contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the &quot;Risk Factors&quot;
section in Part I
 Item 1A. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward looking statements for any reason even if
new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.




    
    




Comparison of Year Ended December 31
 2016
to Year Ended December 31
 2015 (in 000&rsquo;s)



    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
123
879
118
587
5
292
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
86
524
86
292
    
    

    
2
323
2
413
    
    

    
88
847
88
705
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
35
032
29
882
5
150
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
14
467
11
892
(2
575
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
783
12
871
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
28
947
25
479
(3
468
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
6
085
4
403
1
682
    

    
    
    
    
    






292 or 4.5% to $123
879.
Volume / mix contributed 3.0% to the overall 4.5% net sales increase and lower trade promotion contributed an additional 1.5% to
the overall 4.5% net sales increase. The volume / mix gains were driven by sales of private label product
 elevated organic volumes
and the impact of new items
 partially offset by lower volumes of our other branded drinkable kefir.




to 28.3% during the year ended December 31
 2016 from 25.2% during the same period in 2015 driven by lower trade promotion and
favorable milk costs. During 2015
 we increased our emphasis on trade promotion in an effort to drive sales volumes and in 2016
we moderated our trade promotion. Further
 our milk costs were about 7% lower in 2016 compared to 2015.




    
    





575 or 21.7%
to $14
467 during the year ended December 31
 2016 from $11
892 during the same period in 2015
 reflecting an increase in advertising
costs and higher royalty and salaries expense. During 2016
 we ran two advertising campaigns compared to one campaign in 2015
driving the increased advertising costs. The advertising campaign we ran in the third quarter of 2016 focused on the Lifeway brand
(banner advertising) and the campaign that ran in the second quarter of 2016 focused on our Pro Bugs product line. Royalty expense
was $600 and $0 in 2016 and 2015 respectively and relates to the agreement between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky as more fully
discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. The higher salaries expenses are due to additional headcount in
2016 and slightly higher incentive compensation. Selling expenses as a percentage of sales were 11.7% for the year ended December
31
 2016 compared to 10.0% for the same period in 2015.




$912 or 7.1% to $13
783 during the year ended December 31
 2016 from $12
871 during the same period in 2015. The increase reflects
higher compensation driven by increased incentive compensation (including stock-based compensation) and increased headcount partially
offset by lower professional fees. We experienced elevated levels of legal and professional fees in the prior year related to our
delayed SEC filings
 additional audit fees as we transitioned to a new auditor and relatively higher costs associated with remediation
of our internal control environment.




of $6
085 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $4
403 during the same period in 2015. Provision for income taxes
was $2
158 during 2016
 compared to $2
020 during the same period in 2015. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31
2016 was 38.3% compared to an effective tax rate of 50.6% in 2015. The lower effective tax rate for the year ended December 31
2016 was driven by the following: (a) we recorded an income tax benefit of $265 in 2016 as a result of the favorable settlement
of uncertain tax positions and provided an additional $63 of tax provision in 2016 for uncertain tax positions
 which collectively
reduced the ETR by 4.8% compared to 2015; and (b) we incurred a lower amount of operating expenses in 2016 that were not fully
deductible for federal income tax purposes
 which lowered the ETR by 5.7%. Income taxes are presented in Note 10 in the Notes to
the consolidated financial statements


479 or $0.22 per basic and diluted
common share for the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to net income of $1
972 or $0.12 per basic and diluted common share
in the same period in 2015.




foreseeable liquidity requirements internally. We also have unused credit lines as discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements and we anticipate future compliance with our loan agreements.&nbsp;We continue to explore potential acquisition opportunities
in our industry in order to boost sales while leveraging our distribution system to consolidate and lower costs.


$5
104 during the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $6
745 in the same period
in 2015. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities reflects the impact of relatively higher working capital in the
2016 period partially offset by increased profitability in 2016. The unfavorable working capital effects on operating cash flow
was driven by the unfavorable timing of payments to suppliers and service providers in 2016 compared to 2015.


during the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to $1
780 in the same period in 2015. The lower level of net cash used in investing
activities reflects liquidity provided from our investments. During the third quarter of 2016
 we liquidated our investment portfolio
to generate cash for general corporate purposes. Capital spending was $3
237 during the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to
$1
995 in the same period in 2015 reflecting our continuing investments in new production equipment.




    
    



activities was $1
578 during the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $2
579 in the
same period in 2015. We repurchased 69 shares of common stock at a cost of $738 in the year ended December 31
 2016 and 136 shares
at an aggregate cost of $1
542 in the same period in 2015. On September 24
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors authorized
a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to $3
500 of common stock not to exceed an aggregate of 250
shares. Approximately $1
200 remained available under this authorized program as of December 31
 2016. The repurchase program has
no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.


and cash equivalents of $3
166 during the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to $2
386 in the same period in 2015.


 2016
 the Company had $840
of current maturities of notes payable. The Company also has a $5 million revolving credit facility with The Private Bank. This
facility
 which unless renewed expires in July 2017
 remained unused at December 31
 2016 and is available for other general corporate
purposes.



 2016
 the Company entered
into an endorsement agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company's Chairperson of the Board.&nbsp;
Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide and
except as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
 exhibit
broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky's name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement). As consideration
for such license
 the Company agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each Company product or item sold by Lifeway
during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky's first name
 last name or other identifying personal characteristics; provided
however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms. Smolyansky.
The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Ms. Smolyansky earned royalty of $600 in 2016.




arrangements.





Critical Accounting Policies and Use
of Estimates


accordance with US GAAP requires management to make estimates
 judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
liabilities
 revenues and expenses. US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 judgments and assumptions.
We believe our estimates
 judgments and assumptions are reasonable; however
 future results could differ from those estimates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
regularly assesses its accounting policies and has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies with
its Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. For further information concerning accounting policies
 refer to the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Goodwill
and other indefinite lived intangibles are not subject to amortization but rather is tested for impairment annually and whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our estimates of fair value for goodwill
impairment testing are determined based on the market capitalization of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Other indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value of our other indefinite-lived
intangible assets is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses that include significant management assumptions such as
revenue growth rates
 weighted average cost of capital
 and assumed royalty rates. If our estimate of fair value is less than the
carrying value
 the asset is reduced to fair value.


 2016 we had $10.4 million
of goodwill and the market capitalization of the Company exceeded its carrying value by more than 100%. As of December 31
 2016
we had $3.7 million of other indefinite lived intangible assets which we estimate have a fair value in excess of carrying value
by more than 15%.




    
    


From
time to time
 we grant certain sales discounts to customers which are classified as a reduction in sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;The measurement
and recognition of discounts and allowances involves the use of judgment and our estimates are made based on historical experience
and other factors. Differences between estimated and actual discount and allowance costs are normally not material and are recognized
in earnings in the period such differences are determined. The process for analyzing trade promotion programs could impact the
Company&rsquo;s results of operations and trade spending accruals depending on how actual results of the programs compare to original
estimates. As of December 31
 2016 we had $1.5 million of accrued discounts and allowances.

. Certain employees
receive various forms of share-based payment awards and we recognize compensation costs for these awards based on their fair values.
The fair values of stock option awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 which incorporates
certain assumptions regarding the expected term of an award and expected stock price volatility. The expected term is determined
under the simplified method
 using an average of the contractual term and vesting period of the stock options. The expected volatility
is based on the historic volatility of our common stock. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring the grant date fair value
but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. Key assumptions are described in further detail in Note 12 to our consolidated
financial statements.

. We pay income taxes based
on tax statutes
 regulations and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. At any one time
 multiple tax years
are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.


uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The income tax benefit recognized in our financial statements from such
a position is measured based on the largest estimated benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement.

. New accounting guidance
that we have recently adopted
 as well as accounting guidance that has been recently issued but not yet adopted by us
 are included
in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK







    
    

ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA




    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets for the Years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    












    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM





 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Illinois



balance sheets of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 and the
related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries' internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016

Framework (2013)
7
 2017 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.




 Illinois

 2017




    
    






 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Illinois



 Inc. and
Subsidiaries' (the &quot;Company&quot;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016
 based on criteria established
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 or
a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
The following material weakness in internal control over financial reporting has been identified and included in management's assessment:


control over financial reporting
 certain significant deficiencies were identified by management and us. When evaluating those
significant deficiencies individually and in the aggregate
 additional time is needed to improve the financial reporting process
and related internal controls. The effective mitigation of an existing material weakness includes the availability of a sufficient
amount of time and evidence to test whether the remediated internal controls have been in place and operating effectively for a
period of time sufficient to conclude the remediated internal controls are in place and operating effectively as of the evaluation
date. We have not been able to observe the operational effectiveness of the remediated controls for a sufficient period of time
to conclude the previously identified material weakness over financial reporting has been remediated.


determining the nature
 timing
 and the extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of
the Company as of and for the year ended December 31
 2016
 and this report does not affect our report dated April 7
 2017 on such
consolidated financial statements.


 because of the effect of

Framework (2013)
 the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2016.


 in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB
 the consolidated balance sheet and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows of the Company
 and our report dated April 7
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion.




 Illinois

 2017&nbsp;




    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2016 and 2015




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
812
5
646


 at fair value
    
2
091

    
    
    


 net
8
042
7
664


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
600 and $1
800 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
9
594
9
886

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
28
204
27
006

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
21
832
21
375

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
068
14
068


 net
1
647
2
344

    
15
715
16
412

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
65
876
64
918

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
718
8
393

    
2
169
1
538

    
    
    

    
9
381
10
823

    
    
    

    
6
279
7
119

    
    
    

    
1
854
1
719

    
17
514
19
661

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
154 and 16
210

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
2
198
2
033


 at cost
(10
340
(9
730

    
49
995
46
516


 net of taxes
    
    

    
48
362
45
257

    
    
    

    
65
876
64
918


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements




    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive
Income
December 31
 2016 and 2015
(In thousands
 except per share data)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
123
879
118
587

    
    
    

    
86
524
86
292

    
2
323
2
413

    
88
847
88
705

    
    
    

    
35
032
29
882

    
    
    

    
14
467
11
892

    
13
783
12
871

    
    
    

    
28
947
25
479

    
    
    

    
6
085
4
403

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net reclassified from OCI
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
637
3
992

    
    
    

    
2
158
2
020

    
    
    

    
3
479
1
972

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
155
16
331

    
    
    

    
16
160
16
331

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
479
1
972


 net of tax:
    
    


 net of $38 and $30 of&nbsp;taxes
    
    

    
    
    


 net of $84 of taxes
    
    


    investments
 net of $6 and ($28) of taxes
    
    

    
3
550
2
099


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements


    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity
For the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and
2015
(In thousands
 except share data)



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2015
17
274
6
509
    
(8
188
2
033
44
544
    
44
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(1
542
    
    
    
(1
542

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
972
    
1
972

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
17
274
6
509
(1
064
(9
730
2
033
46
516
    
45
257

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
479
    
3
479

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
17
274
6
509
(1
120
(10
340
2
198
49
995
    
48
362


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial







    
    

LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and
2015




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
479
1
972

    
    
    

    
3
020
3
129


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
849

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
673
2
229

    
    
    

    
1
116
    

    
5
104
6
745

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
489

    
2
751
1
714

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
237
(1
995

    
    
    

    
    
(1
780

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
542

    
    
(1
037

    
(1
578
(2
579

    
    
    

    
3
166
2
386

    
    
    

    
5
646
3
260

    
    
    

    
8
812
5
646

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of refunds
1
421
1
920

    
    
    


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements



    
    

LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2016 and 2015 





and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). The Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of the Company&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).
All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

Note 2 &ndash; Summary of significant accounting
policies 




in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates
made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the fair value of investment
securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 and deferred income taxes.




four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive
evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition
shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs are included in cost of sales.


and discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances
for non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered reductions in the price
of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by estimating incentive costs
based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain a reserve for the estimated
allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant and are recognized
in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.


fluid milk manufacturing process. The Company does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
 but rather disposes of it through
sales to other companies. Bulk cream by-product sales are included in net sales.




with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost
 which approximates
or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.




    
    





available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are reported as
a separate component of stockholders' equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature. Amortization
 accretion
 interest
and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities
are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Factors that we consider
in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include: the fair value of the security in relation
to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient
period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.




or market
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;). The costs of finished goods inventories include raw materials
direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for obsolete or excess inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the
assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


 plant and equipment is being depreciated
over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.


are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company amortizes other intangible assets over their
estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    





at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in
the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a
significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company's products or changes in the size of
the market for the Company's products.


intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised
remaining useful life.


 including property
 plant
and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no indicators of impairment
in 2016 or 2015.




differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending
on the classification of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that
are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary
differences are expected to reverse.


are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 unrealized gains or losses related
to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&nbsp;and the allowance for doubtful
accounts.


all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on
technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.
We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize
the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes
in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such
change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit
has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in general
and administrative expenses.








For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total advertising expenses were $6
859 and $5
006
 respectively.




    
    





by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding
during each period. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 there were 5 common stock equivalents outstanding. There were no common
stock equivalents outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2015.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements



 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance simplifies the subsequent measurement
of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform its annual
or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity still has
the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary.
The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill
impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address the
diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows
such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds from
the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. Management is currently
evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
Compensation-Stock Compensation &ndash; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new guidance simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification in the statement
of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2016 and interim periods
within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance
will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet and disclose key information
about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended
guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the
statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in
this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which requires application of the new guidance at
the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption. We do not intend to early adopt the standard.
Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure equity
investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to measure
equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and recognize
any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning
on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is not permitted. The adoption
of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.




    
    



 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
Income Taxes &ndash; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies the presentation of deferred
income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified
as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to be separated into current
and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2016
and interim periods within those years. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
Inventory &ndash; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is that an entity should measure
inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The guidance is effective for financial
statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
Presentation of Financial Statements &ndash; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which requires management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances
 such as the existence of substantial doubt. The Company is
required to evaluate going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting period
 considering the entity&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. This guidance was effective on December 31
 2016. The adoption
of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&quot;FASB&quot;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&quot;ASU 2014-09&quot;)
 which
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements.
ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &ldquo;full retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is
applied to all of the periods presented
 or &ldquo;modified retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only
to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the
nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved
a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily
adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections
and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended
application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date
and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
 the Company is required to adopt the new standard
not later than January 1
 2018.


the adoption of this amendment will have on the Company's consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified. Our completed evaluation will include the impact of the new
standard on certain common practices currently employed by us
 such as rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances
for non-saleable product
 and coupons. We currently expect to utilize the modified retrospective transition method and to adopt
the ASU on January 1
 2018. Based on our findings to date
 we do not expect the standard to have a material impact on our results
of operations or financial position; however
 our assessment is not yet complete. During 2017
 we plan to finalize our review and
method of adoption.




    
    





consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

    
14
068
14
068



 net consisted of the
following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(6
597
(5
900


 net
1
647
2
344



expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2016 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
647





as available for sale are as follows:




 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
393
    
    
1
348

    
2
208
    
    
2
091



 and gross losses
of $200 and $120 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




    
    



losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired
aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position
at December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
252
    



mutual funds
 preferred securities and corporate bonds consist of investments in common stock
 preferred stock
 structured notes
and other debt securities of companies in various industries. The Company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses related
to certain structured notes of $0 and $475 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The impairment losses
are included in &quot;other income (expense)&quot; in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
The structured notes allow the issuer to settle at an amount less than par in certain circumstances. In reaching a conclusion to
record these other-than-temporary impairment losses
 the Company evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuers and determined
it was probable the issuers would have the ability to settle the bonds for an amount less than par value at maturity.

Note 5 &ndash; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
2
256
2
082

    
2
770
2
636

    
3
016
2
946


 net
8
042
7
664


Note 6 &ndash; Property
 Plant and Equipment
net


 plant and equipment consisted of
the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
747
1
807

    
16
428
16
387

    
23
122
22
907

    
    
1
298

    
    
    

    
1
873
    

    
44
727
43
419

    
(22
895
(22
044


 plant and equipment
 net
21
832
21
375





    
    








    



    
    
    

    
1
560
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
169
1
538








    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018. Principal and interest (3.11% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
3
339
3
846

    
    
    


 2019. Principal and interest (3.12% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
3
780
4
113

    
7
119
7
959

    
    
    

    
6
279
7
119



interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR rate plus 2.5% and are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the Company.
In addition
 under the terms of the related agreements
 the Company is subject to minimum fixed charged ratio and tangible net
worth thresholds
 which among other things may limit the Company's ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of its common
stock. Further
 under the agreements the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial statements and related
SEC filings within specified timeframes. The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants at December 31
 2016.


 the Company has a $5 million revolving
credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31
2016 there were no borrowings under the facility. Unless renewed the facility expires in July 2017.


31
 2016
 are as follows:



    
    

    
3
165

    
3
114

    
7
119





    
    







office space and three retail stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary under operating leases. Total rent expense was $509
and $278 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Future annual minimum base rental payments under non-cancelable
leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2016 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from the Company&rsquo;s business activities.


legal matters when it believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated.
The Company evaluates
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments
that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
the Company does not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of the Company&rsquo;s accruals for outstanding legal matters
are material individually or in the aggregate to the Company&rsquo;s financial position and it is management&rsquo;s opinion that
the ultimate resolution of these outstanding legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
results of operations
 or cash flows. However
 if the Company ultimately is required to make payments in connection with an adverse
outcome
 it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 results
of operations or cash flows.


to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status
of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties.&nbsp; Consequently
 the Company cannot predict with
any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and the Company is unable to estimate a possible loss or
range of loss.




    
    





the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
117
1
888

    
    
    

    
2
689
2
605

    
    
    

    
2
158
2
020



tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
917
    
1
357
    


 net
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
158
    
2
020
    



are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
192
(1
163





    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



federal income tax returns are the 2014 and 2015 tax years. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would
impact the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2016 and not significant as of December 31
 2015.


in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was approximately $19 and $-- during 2016 and 2015
 respectively.
The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was approximately $19 and $65 at December 31
2016 and 2015
 respectively.




(&quot;ASC&quot;) 820
 
 provides the framework for measuring fair value. That framework
provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC
820 are described as follows:

Inputs to the valuation
methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability
to access.

Inputs to the valuation
methodology include the following:





Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive
markets;

Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability;

Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable
market data by correlation or other means.



term
 the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.

Inputs to the valuation
methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.


level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.




    
    



methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There have been no changes in the methodologies used
as of December 31
 2016 and 2015.


for investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company's Level 1 fair value measurements
which include mutual funds and common stock
 is based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical securities. The Company's
Level 2 fair value measurements
 which include corporate bonds and preferred securities
 is based on quoted prices in inactive
markets for identical or similar assets. The Company's level 3 fair value measurements which include other than temporarily impaired
bonds are based on the present value of the estimated proceeds expected to be received at maturity of the bond. Those bonds were
reclassified to level 3 from level 2 during 2015.


a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore
 although
the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants
 the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value
measurement at the reporting date.


 within
the fair value hierarchy
 the Company's financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December
31
 2015. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement:



    

 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
187
    
1
348



which are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 certificates of deposit
 accounts receivable
other receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and notes payable for which carrying value approximates fair value.






 Lifeway shareholders approved
the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards of stock
options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and performance
units. At December 31
 2016
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Company has not established
a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and
may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
&nbsp;and&nbsp;stock
options to attract and retain new and existing executives.


 Lifeway
granted 26 stock options to certain key employees of the Company effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options on July 1
 2016
(the &quot;2016 options&quot;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on a relatively accelerated basis. The
accelerated vesting reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of individual participants.




    
    



 2016 and
2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income was $134 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits of $51 and $0 were
also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock options was
$60
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.41 years.


year ended December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    
    

    
 2016
    
    
    
    



option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting and the end of the
contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable
basis upon which to estimate the expected term.





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






 Lifeway granted 2 Restricted
Stock Units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) to certain key employees in December 2016. An RSU represents the right to receive one share of
common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise price.


December 31
 2016:



    
    

    
    

    
2015
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2016
    

    
    



For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements
of income and comprehensive income was $1 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits
of $0 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSU&rsquo;s
was $20
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.46 years.




    
    





compensation program (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
The incentive compensation was based on the achievement of certain sales and EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets
in 2016. Under the 2016 Plan
 the senior executives had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in
amounts ranging from $0 to $4
000 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance levels compared to the respective targets. For the
year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses of $1
720 under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was paid
or was payable in cash at December 31
 2016.


of fully vested common stock to key employee participants. Stock-based compensation of $191 was recognized in 2016.



incentive-based compensation program (the &ldquo;2017 Plan&rdquo;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
Under the 2017 Plan
 incentive compensation is based on the achievement of certain sales and EBITDA performance levels versus
respective targets in 2017. Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants may earn cash and equity based incentive compensation
in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
363 depending on the performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity portion
of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the three years from the 2017 grant
dates. No compensation expense has been recognized for the 2017 Plan.




which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan the Company matches employee contributions
under a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income was $368 and $316
 respectively.

Note 13 &ndash; Segments
 Products and Customers



 cultured
functional dairy health food products. The Company's primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
in several flavors and in several package configurations. In addition to the drinkable products
 Lifeway manufactures &quot;Lifeway
Farmer Cheese
&quot; a line of various farmer cheeses.



one reportable segment based on how the Company's chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the
Chief Operating Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Substantially all of
the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes
and materials and are sold to consumers through a network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
105
983
100
812

    
10
258
9
725

    
6
383
6
775

    
1
255
1
275

    
123
879
118
587





    
    


 &ndash; Sales are predominately
to companies in the retail food industry
 located within the United States. Two major customers accounted for approximately 23%
of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. These customers accounted for approximately 25% and 16% of accounts
receivable as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




 2015
 the Company's Board
of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to $3
500 of the Company's common
stock not to exceed an aggregate of 250 shares
 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with
all applicable securities laws and regulations
 including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent
to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including
market conditions
 regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations
 as determined by management. The repurchase program
may be suspended or discontinued at any time.


 during
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately $10.68 per share. During
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company repurchased 136 shares at a cost of $1
542
 or about $11.32 per share. Approximately
$1
220 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2016.





from the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and were $1
000 during the years ended December
31
 2016 and 2015.


 2015
 the Company entered
into a stock purchase agreement (the &quot;Stock Purchase Agreement&quot;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company's Chairperson of
the Board pursuant to which Ms. Smolyansky agreed to sell to the Company 30 and the Company agreed to purchase such shares under
its previously disclosed repurchase plan at a purchase price equal to the product of (a) 30 multiplied by (b) the average of the
last reported closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market for each of the five (5) Trading Days (as defined
in the Stock Purchase Agreement) immediately preceding the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement. The transaction was consummated
on December 15
 2015.


 2016
 the Company entered
into an endorsement agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company's Chairperson of the Board. Under
the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide and
 except
as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
 exhibit
broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky's name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement). As consideration
for such license
 the Company agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each Company product or item sold by Lifeway
during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky's first name
 last name or other identifying personal characteristics; provided
however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms. Smolyansky.
The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included in selling expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and were $600 during the year ended December 31
 2016.






    
    


ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.


 2015
 the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) engaged Mayer Hoffman McCann P. C. (&quot;MHM&quot;)
as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2015.


2014 and 2013 through September 12
 2015 neither the Company nor anyone acting on the Company's behalf consulted with MHM in any
capacity
 nor consulted with any member of that firm
 as to the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction
either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered as to the consolidated financial statements
nor was a written report or oral advice rendered that was an important factor considered by the Company or any of its employees
in reaching a decision as to an accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue
 or any matter that was either the subject of
a disagreement
 as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions thereto
 or a reportable event
within the meaning set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.


 2015
 the Company was notified
by its independent registered public accounting firm
 Crowe Horwath LLP (&quot;Crowe&quot;) that it would not stand for reappointment
as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2015. The Company had engaged Crowe as the Company's independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31
 2014.


 2014 and
the subsequent interim period through August 20
 2015
 there were no: (1) disagreements with Crowe on any matter of accounting
principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedures
 which disagreements
 if not resolved
to their satisfaction
 would have caused them to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement
or (2) reportable events under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K except that
 as disclosed in Item 9A of the Company's annual
report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &quot;2014 Form 10-K&quot;)
 the Company's President and Chief
Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's internal controls were not effective because material
weaknesses existed in the Company's internal control over financial reporting.


of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014 contained an adverse opinion but it did not contain a disclaimer
of opinion nor was it modified or qualified as to the uncertainty
 audit scope
 or accounting principles. The adverse opinion as
of December 31
 2014 was due to the effect of the material weaknesses and Crowe concluded in its audit report that the Company
did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as a result of the material weaknesses reported in Item 9A
of our 2014 Form 10-K.

ITEM 9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.




that are designed to ensure material information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 we recognize that a control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.



 2016 (the &ldquo;Evaluation
Date&rdquo;)
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &quot;Exchange Act&quot;)). Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31
 2016 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed
by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the Exchange
Act rules and forms due to the material weakness described below. As a result
 we performed additional analysis and other post-closing
procedures to ensure our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Accordingly
 management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present
 in all material
respects
 our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.


P.C.
 the Company's independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding the Company's internal control over financial reporting
is provided under &quot;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.&quot;





    
    


Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and effected by the Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;


provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America
 and that our receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and our directors; and


provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated&nbsp;financial
statements.


inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the level of compliance
with related policies or procedures may deteriorate.



 including our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2016. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&quot;COSO&quot;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment
 management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2016 because of a material
weakness as follows; we identified significant deficiencies in the area of income tax accounting
 in the area of IT controls
 and
in the area of cash disbursements. These significant deficiencies in the aggregate constituted a material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016.

Remediation progress of prior Material
Weaknesses





improve our financial reporting controls:


We increased the size and capabilities of our finance and accounting functions by establishing
a new role that oversees financial planning and analysis. Our former corporate controller has begun transitioning into this new
role. Also
 in July 2016 we hired a new corporate controller with significant public accounting and financial reporting experience
who has transitioned into his role. We also eliminated our reliance on most of the accounting and reporting activities that were
previously completed by third-party service providers. Enabled by the changes to our finance and accounting function
 we maintained
effective compliance with our journal entry and account reconciliation policies and established sufficient independent
 competent
review of the financial statement and footnote preparation process.


We implemented a management disclosure committee of representatives from our finance
 accounting
and legal departments to enhance the review and operation of our periodic reports as well as our disclosure controls and procedures.
From time to time
 we will supplement the disclosure committee with members from other areas of our management team and business
including our outsourced internal audit and investor relations functions.


We established a cascaded certification process. While our existing policies create a foundation
for organizational transparency
 our cascaded certification process goes a step further by requiring key managers to inform the
certifying officers in a structured way of any accounting or reporting matters in their areas of responsibility that could be relevant
to our financial filings.





    
    





improve our income tax accounting controls:


We consolidated our income tax accounting services including the related financial statement disclosure
preparation
 and our income tax return preparation services under a new
 qualified third-party service provider. Consolidating
these activities with the new service provider coupled with sufficient independent
 competent review of their work by the Company&rsquo;s
CFO sufficiently ensures that our income tax accounting is in accordance with U.S. GAAP.




improve our inventory accounting controls:


We implemented additional procedures in our inventory accounting process
 including expanded analytical
reviews over our priced-out physical inventory
 expanded completeness testing of the priced out physical inventory
 expanded reviews
of the accuracy of our bill of materials (BOM's) and expanded analytical reviews of gross margin.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 2016 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
OTHER INFORMATION







    
    




ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




. Any person may
 without charge
request a copy of such Code of Ethics by contacting the Company at (847) 967-1010 or by email at 


will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.


included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.




    
    




ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.


A list of the Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Report
is set forth in Part II
 Item 8
 which list is incorporated herein by reference.









    
Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.5 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 10
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Revolving Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).

    
    

    
Term Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Promissory Note dated September 4
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Stockholders' Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999 (amending original Stockholders' Agreement with Danone Foods
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24
 1999
 and filed January 12
 2000 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 filed April 30
 2003 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10- QSB/A for the quarter ended September 30
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 LFI Enterprises
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC and The Private Bank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).

    
    

    
Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).






    
    




    
Amendment to Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Assignment of Rents and Leases dated as of September 4
 2013 executed by Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Eleventh&nbsp;Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 11
 2015
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.

    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and John Waldron
 dated as of July 20
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.01 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14
 2015 and filed on December 18
 2015 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 8
 2016.

    
    

    
Endorsement Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 14
 2016.

    
    

    
Twelfth&nbsp;Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective July 31
 2016
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.

    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Douglas A. Hass
 dated as of March 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 9
 2016 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
Code of Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    




    
    
    
    

Date: April  7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer &amp; Secretary
    




Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: April 7
 2017
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    






    
Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.5 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 10
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Revolving Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).

    
Term Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Promissory Note dated September 4
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Stockholders' Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999 (amending original Stockholders' Agreement with Danone Foods
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24
 1999
 and filed January 12
 2000 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 filed April 30
 2003 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10- QSB/A for the quarter ended September 30
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 LFI Enterprises
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC and The Private Bank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).

    
Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Amendment to Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Assignment of Rents and Leases dated as of September 4
 2013 executed by Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).




    
Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 executed by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).






    
    




    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and John Waldron
 dated as of July 20
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.01 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14
 2015 and filed on December 18
 2015 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 8
 2016.

    
Endorsement Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 14
 2016.

    
Twelfth&nbsp;Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective July 31
 2016
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Douglas A. Hass
 dated as of March 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 9
 2016 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
Code of Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Lifeway's Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    














     







Registered Public Accounting Firm


reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210463) of our report dated April 7
 2017 with respect to the consolidated
financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016.




 2017





    















     





OFFICER


1350


ACT OF 2002


 Julie Smolyansky
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp;
    April 7
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President and Director
        
    
















     






OFFICER


1350


ACT OF 2002


 John P. Waldron
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp; April 7
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 Chief Financial Officer
    















     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

2002



10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) for the period ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the SEC (the &quot;Report&quot;)
the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her knowledge:



    
    




    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp; April 7
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director
        
    
















     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

2002



Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) for the period ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the SEC (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 the undersigned
in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:



    
    

    
    

    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp; April 7
    2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 Chief Financial Officer
    























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        





          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets


 in-store display and demo&#13;allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product



 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses

 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods&#13;inventories include raw materials
 direct labor


 plant&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts




 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of&#13;a significant customer


&#13;including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash&#13;flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows


&#13;unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments

 as well&#13;as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more&#13;likely than not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any&#13;related appeals or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain&#13;tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately&#13;realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will&#13;affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax&#13;benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax&#13;benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax examination activities

 2016 and 2015 total advertising expenses were $6
859 and $5
006

 2016
 there were 5 common stock equivalents&#13;outstanding. There were no common stock equivalents outstanding for the year ended December 31

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance&#13;simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires&#13;an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying&#13;amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative&#13;impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance&#13;is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in&#13;the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after&#13;an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &amp;#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&#13;The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting&#13;for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
&#13;and classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&#13;15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the&#13;balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options&#13;to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance&#13;sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)&#13;and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective&#13;for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early&#13;adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies&#13;how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
&#13;entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method&#13;at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be&#13;effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies&#13;the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation&#13;allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to&#13;be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on&#13;or after December 15
 2016

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling&#13;prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The&#13;guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties&#13;about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which requires management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances
 such as the existence of&#13;substantial doubt. The Company is required to evaluate going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting period
&#13;considering the entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. This guidance was&#13;effective on December 31

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic&#13;606) (&amp;#34;ASU 2014-09&amp;#34;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including&#13;most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize&#13;revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company&#13;expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221;&#13;adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning&#13;the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced&#13;disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On&#13;August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
&#13;while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies&#13;narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for&#13;ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
&#13;the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1

 results&#13;of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified. Our completed evaluation will&#13;include the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us
 such as rebates
 in-store display&#13;and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 and coupons. We currently expect to utilize the modified retrospective&#13;transition method and to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2018. Based on our findings to date
 we do not expect the standard to have&#13;a material impact on our results of operations or financial position; however
 our assessment is not yet complete. During 2017


 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets



 in-store display and demo&#13;allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product





 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses


 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods&#13;inventories include raw materials
 direct labor



 plant&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts


    



    

 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of&#13;a significant customer


&#13;including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash&#13;flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows



&#13;unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments

 as well&#13;as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more&#13;likely than not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any&#13;related appeals or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain&#13;tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately&#13;realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will&#13;affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax&#13;benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax&#13;benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax examination activities

    

 2016 and 2015 total advertising expenses were $6
859 and $5
006


 2016
 there were 5 common stock equivalents&#13;outstanding. There were no common stock equivalents outstanding for the year ended December 31


&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance&#13;simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires&#13;an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying&#13;amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative&#13;impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance&#13;is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in&#13;the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after&#13;an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &amp;#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&#13;The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting&#13;for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
&#13;and classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&#13;15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the&#13;balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options&#13;to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance&#13;sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)&#13;and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective&#13;for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early&#13;adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies&#13;how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
&#13;entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method&#13;at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be&#13;effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies&#13;the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation&#13;allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to&#13;be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on&#13;or after December 15
 2016

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling&#13;prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The&#13;guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#8211; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties&#13;about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which requires management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances
 such as the existence of&#13;substantial doubt. The Company is required to evaluate going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting period
&#13;considering the entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. This guidance was&#13;effective on December 31

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic&#13;606) (&amp;#34;ASU 2014-09&amp;#34;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including&#13;most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize&#13;revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company&#13;expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221;&#13;adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning&#13;the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced&#13;disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On&#13;August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
&#13;while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies&#13;narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for&#13;ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
&#13;the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1

 results&#13;of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified. Our completed evaluation will&#13;include the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us
 such as rebates
 in-store display&#13;and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 and coupons. We currently expect to utilize the modified retrospective&#13;transition method and to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2018. Based on our findings to date
 we do not expect the standard to have&#13;a material impact on our results of operations or financial position; however
 our assessment is not yet complete. During 2017


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite&#13;    lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Intangible assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite&#13;    lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Intangible assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair &lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

 and gross losses of $200 and $120 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December 31
&#13;2016 and 2015

 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been&#13;in a continuous unrealized loss position
 at December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1

 mutual funds
 preferred securities and corporate bonds consist of investments in common stock
&#13;preferred stock
 structured notes and other debt securities of companies in various industries. The Company recorded other-than-temporary&#13;impairment losses related to certain structured notes of $0 and $475 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&#13;The impairment losses are included in &amp;#34;other income (expense)&amp;#34; in the accompanying consolidated statements of income&#13;and comprehensive income. The structured notes allow the issuer to settle at an amount less than par in certain circumstances.&#13;In reaching a conclusion to record these other-than-temporary impairment losses


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized &lt;br /&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair &lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;22
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;22
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Real estate tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Real estate tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate&#13;    term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest (3.11% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due&#13;    at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable&#13;    rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest (3.12% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment&#13;    due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7

 under the terms of the related agreements
 the Company is subject to minimum fixed&#13;charged ratio and tangible net worth thresholds
 which among other things may limit the Company's ability to pay dividends or&#13;repurchase shares of its common stock. Further
 under the agreements the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly&#13;financial statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes. The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants&#13;at December 31

&#13;the Company has a $5 million revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate&#13;or LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31

 2016

165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate&#13;    term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest (3.11% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due&#13;    at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable&#13;    rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest (3.12% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment&#13;    due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7


165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7


 office space and three retail stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary under operating leases.&#13;Total rent expense was $509 and $278 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Future annual minimum base&#13;rental payments under non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31

 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
&#13;product liabilities

 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount&#13;of any accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency&#13;is not both probable and estimable
 the Company does not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually or in the aggregate to the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position&#13;and it is management&amp;#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding legal matters will not have a material&#13;adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows. However
 if the Company ultimately&#13;is required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect&#13;on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition

 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors:&#13;(i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome&#13;of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved;&#13;(vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions&#13;in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate;&#13;and (viii) the status of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties.&amp;#160; Consequently
 the Company&#13;cannot predict with any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies

    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local tax expense
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers'&#13;    deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Changes for tax positions&#13;of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8212;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change&#13;    in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision&#13;    for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Non-current deferred tax assets (liabilities) arising from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total non-current net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current deferred tax assets arising from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized losses (gain) on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Share-based and other compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current deferred&#13;    tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1

 if recognized
 would impact the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2016 and not significant&#13;as of December 31

 respectively. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was&#13;approximately $19 and $65 at December 31
 2016 and 2015


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

    

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;



 which include mutual funds and common stock
 is based on quoted market prices in&#13;active markets for identical securities. The Company's Level 2 fair value measurements
 which include corporate bonds and preferred&#13;securities

 although the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market&#13;participants

 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company's financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring&#13;basis for the year ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common Stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1

 certificates&#13;of deposit
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Common Stocks &amp;#38; ETF's&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1


&#13;Lifeway shareholders approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares&#13;to satisfy awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance&#13;shares and performance units. At December 31
 2016
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The&#13;Company has not established a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance&#13;of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
&#13;restricted stock units

 Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees of the Company effective January 1
 2016 and&#13;24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &amp;#34;2016 options&amp;#34;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period

 2016 and 2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income&#13;and comprehensive income was $134 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits of&#13;$51 and $0 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock&#13;options was $60


2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31



2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31

 2016 and 2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized&#13;in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $1 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
&#13;2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits of $0 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation&#13;related to non-vested RSU&amp;#8217;s was $20

 the senior executives had the opportunity to earn cash&#13;and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
363 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance levels&#13;compared to the respective targets. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses of $1
720&#13;under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was paid or was payable in cash at December 31

 incentive compensation is based on the achievement of certain&#13;sales and EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets in 2017. Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants may&#13;earn cash and equity based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $4

 2016 and 2015 total contribution expense&#13;recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $368 and $316


2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31

    

2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31


 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. The Company's primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to&#13;but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several package configurations. In addition to the drinkable products
 Lifeway&#13;manufactures &amp;#34;Lifeway Farmer Cheese

 who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified&#13;collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer

983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Lifeway cheese products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ProBugs Kefir products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Frozen Kefir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;123
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118

 located within the United States. Two major customers&#13;accounted for approximately 23% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. These customers accounted for approximately&#13;25% and 16% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2016 and 2015


983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Lifeway cheese products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ProBugs Kefir products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Frozen Kefir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;123
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118


 2015
 the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to&#13;$3
500 of the Company's common stock not to exceed an aggregate of 250 shares
 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
&#13;in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
 including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
&#13;as amended. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety&#13;of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations

 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately&#13;$10.68 per share. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company repurchased 136 shares at a cost of $1
542
 or about $11.32&#13;per share. Approximately $1
220 remained available under this program as of December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local tax expense
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers'&#13;    deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Changes for tax positions&#13;of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8212;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change&#13;    in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision&#13;    for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Non-current deferred tax assets (liabilities) arising from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total non-current net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current deferred tax assets arising from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized losses (gain) on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Share-based and other compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current deferred&#13;    tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1


000 during&#13;the years ended December 31

 2015
 the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the &amp;#34;Stock Purchase Agreement&amp;#34;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
&#13;the Company's Chairperson of the Board pursuant to which Ms. Smolyansky agreed to sell to the Company 30 and the Company agreed&#13;to purchase such shares under its previously disclosed repurchase plan at a purchase price equal to the product of (a) 30 multiplied&#13;by (b) the average of the last reported closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market for each of the five&#13;(5) Trading Days (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) immediately preceding the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement.&#13;The transaction was consummated on December 15

 2016
 the Company entered into an endorsement agreement (the &amp;#34;Agreement&amp;#34;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company's&#13;Chairperson of the Board. Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
&#13;worldwide and
 except as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative&#13;works
 exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky's name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement).&#13;As consideration for such license
 the Company agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each Company product&#13;or item sold by Lifeway during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky's first name
 last name or other identifying personal&#13;characteristics; provided however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon&#13;the death of Ms. Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included&#13;in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and were $600 during the year&#13;ended December 31

    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
600 and $1
800 at December 31
 2016 and 2015



      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
154 and 16



      






      






      


      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      










      














      


      

      












      














      










      











      


      


      


      




      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      







 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 Plant and Equipment











      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      














      


      

      


      


      


      

      






      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      







 net























      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      





      










      

      


      





      



 options outstanding















 options outstanding































      










      






      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      







      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      







      





 Net


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      


 Plant





      

      







      


 Available-for-sale Securities





      











 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities





      


 Property



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals





      








 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 01
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016








































  2016





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



154
095











803
227

























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











812


646



Investments
 at fair value



091












042


664



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
600 and $1
800 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

594


886


























204


006



Property and equipment
 net

832


375












068


068



Other intangible assets
 net

647


344





715


412












876


918



















718


393





169


538












381


823





279


119





854


719





514


661










Common stock
 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
154 and 16
210 shares outstanding at 2016 and 2015

509


509





198


033



Treasury stock
 at cost

340)


730)





995


516



Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of taxes








362


257





876


918

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























A savings certificate entitling the Entity (that is
 bearer) to receive interest at an established maturity date
 based upon a fixed interest rate.  A certificate of deposit may be issued in any denomination. Certificates of deposit are generally issued by commercial banks and
 therefore
 insured by the FDIC (up to the prescribed limit).  Certificates of deposit generally restrict holders from withdrawing funds on demand without the incurrence of penalties.  Generally
 only certificates of deposit with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. As a related example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
























































Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount of investments including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and short-term investments classified as other and current.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











600


800










Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

154
000





Common stock
 shares outstanding

154
000


210
000







For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











879


587





524


292





323


413





847


705





032


882





467


892





783


871












947


479





085


403

















Loss on sale of investments
 net reclassified from OCI




































637


992





158


020





479


972



















155
000


331
000





160
000


331
000












479


972



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:






Unrealized gains (losses) on investments
 net of $38 and $30 of taxes













Other than temporary impairment of investments
 net of $84 of taxes






Realized (gains) losses on investments
 net of $6 and ($28) of taxes








550


099







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.


















































































































The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold during the reporting period
 excluding depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization.






















































































The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.














































































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount after tax of other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss on investments in available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities
 recognized in other comprehensive loss.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Unrealized gain (losses) on investments
 net of taxes






Temporary impairment of investments
 net of taxes






Realized (gains) losses on investments
 net of taxes










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Beginning Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2014

274
000













Beginning Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2014



000)











Beginning Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2014

509


188)


033


544




700


















Treasury stock purchased
 Shares



000)











Treasury stock purchased
 Amount



542)








542)











972




972



Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2015

274
000













Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2015



064
000)











Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2015

509


730)


033


516




257


















Treasury stock purchased
 Shares



000)











Treasury stock purchased
 Amount














Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares

000




























Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options
 shares

000













Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options
 value





































479




479



Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2016

274
000










154
000



Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2016



120
000)











Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2016

509


340)


198


995




362







This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











479


972












020


129



Loss on sale of investments
 net


































































849)


























673)


229












116







104


745














489)





751


714



















237)


995)














780)














542)







037)





578)


579)





166


386





646


260





812


646










Cash paid for income taxes
 net of refunds

421


920










































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or outflow in Interest-bearing Deposits by banks in other financial institutions for relatively short periods of time including
 for example
 certificates of deposits.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






The accompanying
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include
all of the assets
 liabilities and results of operations of the Company&#8217;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &#8220;Lifeway&#8221;
or the &#8220;Company&#8221;). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial
statements.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional
allowances
 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 and deferred income taxes.



The Company records
sales when the following four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining
obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv)
Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs
are included in cost of sales.

The Company routinely
offers sales allowances and discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo
allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered
reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
a reserve for the estimated allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant
and are recognized in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.

Bulk cream is
a by-product of the Company&#8217;s fluid milk manufacturing process. The Company does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
but rather disposes of it through sales to other companies. Bulk cream by-product sales are included in net sales.

Cash and cash
equivalents

The Company considers cash and all
highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
are stated at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.

The Company from
time to time may have bank deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company has
not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash
and cash equivalents.



All investment
securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature.
Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary
on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and
circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:
the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability
to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.



Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost or market
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods
inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for obsolete or excess
inventory.

Property
plant and equipment

Property
 plant
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve
or extend the life of the assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
 plant
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Goodwill and
other intangible assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill
and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.

Intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company amortizes
other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




The Company reviews
intangible assets for impairment at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions
exist
 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of
a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company's products
or changes in the size of the market for the Company's products.

If the estimated
remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively
over the revised remaining useful life.

Long-lived assets
including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no
indicators of impairment in 2016 or 2015.



Deferred income
taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax
purposes in different periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred taxes are
classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred
taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current
depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.

The principal
sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;and
the allowance for doubtful accounts.

The Company has
analyzed filing positions in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well
as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more
likely than not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any
related appeals or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain
tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately
realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will
affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax
benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement
criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits
in interest expense and penalties in general and administrative expenses.



Treasury stock
is recorded using the cost method.

Advertising
costs

The Company expenses
advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total advertising expenses were $6
859 and $5
006
respectively.

Earnings per
common share

Basic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares issued and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common
stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 there were 5 common stock equivalents
outstanding. There were no common stock equivalents outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2015.

Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements 

In January 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance
simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires
an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative
impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted
for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment
is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance
is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after
an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal
years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted.
Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting
for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
and classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December
15
 2016 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. Management is currently evaluating
the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the
balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options
to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance
sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which
requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption.
We do not intend to early adopt the standard. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on
the consolidated financial statements.

In January
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies
how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be
effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the
guidance is not permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In November 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies
the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation
allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to
be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on
or after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those years. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In July 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is
that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The
guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective
basis. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.

In August 2014
the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#8211; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which requires management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances
 such as the existence of
substantial doubt. The Company is required to evaluate going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting period
considering the entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. This guidance was
effective on December 31
 2016. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In May 2014
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) (&#34;ASU 2014-09&#34;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including
most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &#8220;full retrospective&#8221;
adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning
the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced
disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On
August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies
narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for
ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018.

Management is
currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this amendment will have on the Company's consolidated financial position
 results
of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified. Our completed evaluation will
include the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us
 such as rebates
 in-store display
and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 and coupons. We currently expect to utilize the modified retrospective
transition method and to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2018. Based on our findings to date
 we do not expect the standard to have
a material impact on our results of operations or financial position; however
 our assessment is not yet complete. During 2017
we plan to finalize our review and method of adoption.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

Goodwill and indefinite
    lived intangible assets
14
068
14
068


Other intangible
assets
 net consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(6
597
(5
900

Intangible assets
    net
1
647
2
344


The estimated
annual intangible asset amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2016 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
647















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Investments
 All Other Investments [Abstract]






The cost and
fair value of investments classified as available for sale are as follows:



December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
393
    
    
1
348

    
2
208
    
    
2
091


Gross gains of
$185 and $48
 and gross losses of $200 and $120 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December 31
2016 and 2015
 respectively.

The following
table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed
to be other-than-temporarily impaired
 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been
in a continuous unrealized loss position
 at December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
252
    


The Company's
investments in equity securities
 mutual funds
 preferred securities and corporate bonds consist of investments in common stock
preferred stock
 structured notes and other debt securities of companies in various industries. The Company recorded other-than-temporary
impairment losses related to certain structured notes of $0 and $475 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.
The impairment losses are included in &#34;other income (expense)&#34; in the accompanying consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income. The structured notes allow the issuer to settle at an amount less than par in certain circumstances.
In reaching a conclusion to record these other-than-temporary impairment losses
 the Company evaluated the near-term prospects
of the issuers and determined it was probable the issuers would have the ability to settle the bonds for an amount less than par
value at maturity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





5. Inventories
 net


Dec. 31
 2016








Inventories consisted
of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
2
256
2
082

    
2
770
2
636

    
3
016
2
946

Total inventories
 net
8
042
7
664





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





6. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net

Property
 plant
and equipment consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
747
1
807

    
16
428
16
387

    
23
122
22
907

    
    
1
298

    
    
    

    
1
873
    

    
44
727
43
419

    
(22
895
(22
044

Total property
 plant and equipment
 net
21
832
21
375






































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Accrued expenses
consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
560
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
169
1
538










 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Notes payable
consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Variable rate
    term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest (3.11% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due
    at maturity.
3
339
3
846

    
    
    

Variable
    rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest (3.12% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment
    due at maturity.
3
780
4
113

    
7
119
7
959

    
    
    

    
6
279
7
119


The variable
rate term loans are subject to interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR rate plus 2.5% and are collateralized by substantially
all of the assets of the Company. In addition
 under the terms of the related agreements
 the Company is subject to minimum fixed
charged ratio and tangible net worth thresholds
 which among other things may limit the Company's ability to pay dividends or
repurchase shares of its common stock. Further
 under the agreements the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly
financial statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes. The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants
at December 31
 2016.

In addition
the Company has a $5 million revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate
or LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31
 2016 there were no borrowings under the facility. Unless renewed the facility expires in
July 2017.

Future maturities
of notes payable at December 31
 2016
 are as follows:



    
    

    
3
165

    
3
114

    
7
119





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










The Company leases
certain machinery and equipment
 office space and three retail stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary under operating leases.
Total rent expense was $509 and $278 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Future annual minimum base
rental payments under non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2016 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Total
    minimum lease payments
    




The Company is
engaged in various legal actions
 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
product liabilities
 intellectual property matters and employment-related matters resulting from the Company&#8217;s business
activities.

The Company records
accruals for outstanding legal matters when it believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss
can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount
of any accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency
is not both probable and estimable
 the Company does not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of the Company&#8217;s
accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually or in the aggregate to the Company&#8217;s financial position
and it is management&#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding legal matters will not have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows. However
 if the Company ultimately
is required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect
on the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.

The Company&#8217;s
contingencies are subject to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors:
(i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome
of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved;
(vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions
in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate;
and (viii) the status of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties.&#160; Consequently
 the Company
cannot predict with any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and the Company is unable to estimate
a possible loss or range of loss.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The provision
for income taxes consists of the following:



    
For the Years Ended
    December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
117
1
888

    
    
    

    
2
689
2
605

    
    
    

    
2
158
2
020


A reconciliation of the U.S. federal
statutory rate to the effective tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Federal income
    tax expense computed at the statutory rate
1
917
    
1
357
    

State and local tax expense
    net
    
    
    
    

U.S. domestic manufacturers'
    deduction &#38; other permanent differences
    
    
    
    

Changes for tax positions
of prior years
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in tax estimate
    
    
    
    

Provision
    for income taxes
2
158
    
2
020
    


Amounts for deferred
tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total current deferred
    tax assets
    
    

    
(1
192
(1
163


A reconciliation
of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Periods subject
to examination for the Company's federal income tax returns are the 2014 and 2015 tax years. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
that
 if recognized
 would impact the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2016 and not significant
as of December 31
 2015.

The amount of
interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was approximately $19 and
$-- during 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was
approximately $19 and $65 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Accounting
Standards Codification
 
 provides the framework for measuring
fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value
hierarchy under FASB ASC 820 are described as follows:

Level 1.
Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets
that the Company has the ability to access.

Level 2.




Quoted
                                         prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;

Quoted
                                         prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets;

Inputs
                                         other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability;

Inputs
                                         that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation
                                         or other means.


If the asset
or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset
or liability.

Level 3.


The asset or
liability's fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.

Following is
a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There have been no changes
in the methodologies used as of December 31
 2016 and 2015.

The majority
of the Company's fair value measurements for investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
The Company's Level 1 fair value measurements
 which include mutual funds and common stock
 is based on quoted market prices in
active markets for identical securities. The Company's Level 2 fair value measurements
 which include corporate bonds and preferred
securities
 is based on quoted prices in inactive markets for identical or similar assets. The Company's level 3 fair value measurements
which include other than temporarily impaired bonds are based on the present value of the estimated proceeds expected to be received
at maturity of the bond. Those bonds were reclassified to level 3 from level 2 during 2015.

The preceding
methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future
fair values. Furthermore
 although the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market
participants
 the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could
result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.

The following
table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company's financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis for the year ended December 31
 2015. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:



    
Assets at Fair Value
    as of December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
187
    
1
348


The Company's
financial assets and liabilities which are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 certificates
of deposit
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and notes payable for which carrying value
approximates fair value.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








In December 2015
Lifeway shareholders approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares
to satisfy awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance
shares and performance units. At December 31
 2016
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The
Company has not established a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance
of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
restricted stock units
&#160;and&#160;stock options to attract and retain new and existing executives.

Pursuant to the
Omnibus Incentive Plan
 Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees of the Company effective January 1
 2016 and
24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &#34;2016 options&#34;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on
a relatively accelerated basis. The accelerated vesting reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of
individual participants.

For the years
ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income was $134 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits of
$51 and $0 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock
options was $60
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.41 years.

The following table summarizes stock
option activity during the year ended December 31
 2016:



    
    
average
    
average
    
intrinsic
    value

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    


We measure the fair value of stock
options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time
of vesting and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise
data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.

The following assumptions were used
for the 2016 stock option grants:



    
    


    
    


    
38.96
                                         - 39.94%


    
5.03
                                         - 5.88 





Pursuant to the 2015 Omnibus Incentive
Plan
 Lifeway granted 2 Restricted Stock Units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) to certain key employees in December 2016. An RSU represents
the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise price.

The following table summarizes RSU
activity during the year ended December 31
 2016:



    
    

    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    

    
    


We expense RSU&#8217;s
over the service period. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized
in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $1 and $0
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
2016 and 2015 tax-related benefits of $0 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2016
 the total remaining unearned compensation
related to non-vested RSU&#8217;s was $20
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period
of 1.46 years.



In March 2016
Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;) for certain senior executives and key
employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;). The incentive compensation was based on the achievement of certain sales and EBITDA
performance levels versus respective targets in 2016. Under the 2016 Plan
 the senior executives had the opportunity to earn cash
and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
363 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance levels
compared to the respective targets. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses of $1
720
under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was paid or was payable in cash at December 31
 2016.

In December 2016
Lifeway awarded 12 shares of fully vested common stock to key employee participants. Stock-based compensation of $191 was recognized
in 2016.

In January 2017
Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &#8220;2017 Plan&#8221;) for certain senior executives and key
employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;). Under the 2017 Plan
 incentive compensation is based on the achievement of certain
sales and EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets in 2017. Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants may
earn cash and equity based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $4
000 depending on the performance levels compared
to the respective targets. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third
in each of the three years from the 2017 grant dates. No compensation expense has been recognized for the 2017 Plan.

Retirement
Benefits

The Company has
a defined contribution plan which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan the Company
matches employee contributions under a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total contribution expense
recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $368 and $316
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for legal proceedings
 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





13. Segments
 Products and Customers


Dec. 31
 2016






Segments
 Products and Customers

The Company manufactures
probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. The Company's primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to
but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several package configurations. In addition to the drinkable products
 Lifeway
manufactures &#34;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#34; a line of various farmer cheeses.

The Company
has determined that it has one reportable segment based on how the Company's chief operating decision maker manages the
business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief
operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified
collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the
board of directors.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented
dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a network of
distributors and retailers in the United States.

Net sales of
products by category were as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
105
983
100
812

    
10
258
9
725

    
6
383
6
775

    
1
255
1
275

    
123
879
118
587




&#8211; Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry
 located within the United States. Two major customers
accounted for approximately 23% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. These customers accounted for approximately
25% and 16% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








On September
24
 2015
 the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to
$3
500 of the Company's common stock not to exceed an aggregate of 250 shares
 in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
 including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety
of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations
 as determined by management.
The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

Pursuant to the
share repurchase program
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately
$10.68 per share. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company repurchased 136 shares at a cost of $1
542
 or about $11.32
per share. Approximately $1
220 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2016.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









The Company
obtains consulting services from the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general
and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and were $1
000 during
the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.

On December
14
 2015
 the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the &#34;Stock Purchase Agreement&#34;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
the Company's Chairperson of the Board pursuant to which Ms. Smolyansky agreed to sell to the Company 30 and the Company agreed
to purchase such shares under its previously disclosed repurchase plan at a purchase price equal to the product of (a) 30 multiplied
by (b) the average of the last reported closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market for each of the five
(5) Trading Days (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) immediately preceding the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement.
The transaction was consummated on December 15
 2015.

On March
14
 2016
 the Company entered into an endorsement agreement (the &#34;Agreement&#34;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company's
Chairperson of the Board. Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
worldwide and
 except as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative
works
 exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky's name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement).
As consideration for such license
 the Company agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each Company product
or item sold by Lifeway during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky's first name
 last name or other identifying personal
characteristics; provided however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon
the death of Ms. Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included
in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and were $600 during the year
ended December 31
 2016.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional
allowances
 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 and deferred income taxes.







The Company records
sales when the following four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining
obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv)
Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs
are included in cost of sales.

The Company routinely
offers sales allowances and discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo
allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered
reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
a reserve for the estimated allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant
and are recognized in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.

Bulk cream is
a by-product of the Company&#8217;s fluid milk manufacturing process. The Company does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
but rather disposes of it through sales to other companies. Bulk cream by-product sales are included in net sales.





Cash and cash
equivalents

The Company considers cash and all
highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
are stated at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.

The Company from
time to time may have bank deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company has
not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash
and cash equivalents.







All investment
securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature.
Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary
on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and
circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:
the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability
to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.







Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost or market
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods
inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for obsolete or excess
inventory.





Property
plant and equipment

Property
 plant
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve
or extend the life of the assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
 plant
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







Goodwill and
other intangible assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill
and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.

Intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company amortizes
other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    









The Company reviews
intangible assets for impairment at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions
exist
 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of
a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company's products
or changes in the size of the market for the Company's products.

If the estimated
remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively
over the revised remaining useful life.

Long-lived assets
including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no
indicators of impairment in 2016 or 2015.







Deferred income
taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax
purposes in different periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred taxes are
classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred
taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current
depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.

The principal
sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;and
the allowance for doubtful accounts.

The Company has
analyzed filing positions in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well
as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more
likely than not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any
related appeals or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain
tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately
realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will
affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax
benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement
criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits
in interest expense and penalties in general and administrative expenses.







Treasury stock
is recorded using the cost method.





Advertising
costs

The Company expenses
advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 total advertising expenses were $6
859 and $5
006
respectively.





Earnings per
common share

Basic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares issued and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common
stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 there were 5 common stock equivalents
outstanding. There were no common stock equivalents outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2015.





Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements 

In January 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance
simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires
an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative
impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted
for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment
is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance
is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after
an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal
years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted.
Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting
for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
and classification in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December
15
 2016 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. Management is currently evaluating
the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the
balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options
to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance
sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which
requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption.
We do not intend to early adopt the standard. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on
the consolidated financial statements.

In January
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies
how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be
effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the
guidance is not permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In November 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies
the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation
allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to
be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on
or after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those years. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In July 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is
that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The
guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective
basis. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.

In August 2014
the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#8211; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern
 which requires management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances
 such as the existence of
substantial doubt. The Company is required to evaluate going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting period
considering the entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date. This guidance was
effective on December 31
 2016. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In May 2014
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) (&#34;ASU 2014-09&#34;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including
most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &#8220;full retrospective&#8221;
adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning
the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced
disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On
August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies
narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for
ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018.

Management is
currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this amendment will have on the Company's consolidated financial position
 results
of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified. Our completed evaluation will
include the impact of the new standard on certain common practices currently employed by us
 such as rebates
 in-store display
and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 and coupons. We currently expect to utilize the modified retrospective
transition method and to adopt the ASU on January 1
 2018. Based on our findings to date
 we do not expect the standard to have
a material impact on our results of operations or financial position; however
 our assessment is not yet complete. During 2017
we plan to finalize our review and method of adoption.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in debt and equity securities that are classified as available-for-sale. This policy also may describe the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories
 how the entity determines whether impairments of available-for-sale securities are other than temporary
 and how the fair values of such securities are determined.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

Goodwill and indefinite
    lived intangible assets
14
068
14
068







    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(6
597
(5
900

Intangible assets
    net
1
647
2
344







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
647




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.




























Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Investments
 All Other Investments [Abstract]







December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
393
    
    
1
348

    
2
208
    
    
2
091







    
    
    
    

December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
252
    

































































For all investments in an unrealized loss position
 including those for which other-than-temporary impairments have not been recognized in earnings (including investments for which a portion of an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized in other comprehensive income)
 a tabular disclosure of the aggregate related fair value of investments with unrealized losses and the aggregate amount of unrealized losses (that is
 the amount by which amortized cost basis exceeds fair value).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
2
256
2
082

    
2
770
2
636

    
3
016
2
946

Total inventories
 net
8
042
7
664




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





6. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment


    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
747
1
807

    
16
428
16
387

    
23
122
22
907

    
    
1
298

    
    
    

    
1
873
    

    
44
727
43
419

    
(22
895
(22
044

Total property
 plant and equipment
 net
21
832
21
375




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
560
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
169
1
538














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Variable rate
    term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest (3.11% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment due
    at maturity.
3
339
3
846

    
    
    

Variable
    rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest (3.12% at December 31
 2016) payable monthly with a balloon payment
    due at maturity.
3
780
4
113

    
7
119
7
959

    
    
    

    
6
279
7
119







    
    

    
3
165

    
3
114

    
7
119




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Total
    minimum lease payments
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
For the Years Ended
    December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
117
1
888

    
    
    

    
2
689
2
605

    
    
    

    
2
158
2
020







    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Federal income
    tax expense computed at the statutory rate
1
917
    
1
357
    

State and local tax expense
    net
    
    
    
    

U.S. domestic manufacturers'
    deduction &#38; other permanent differences
    
    
    
    

Changes for tax positions
of prior years
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in tax estimate
    
    
    
    

Provision
    for income taxes
2
158
    
2
020
    







    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
(1
854
(1
719

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total current deferred
    tax assets
    
    

    
(1
192
(1
163







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Assets at Fair Value
    as of December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
187
    
1
348








Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







    
    
average
    
average
    
intrinsic
    value

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    







    
    


    
    


    
38.96
                                         - 39.94%


    
5.03
                                         - 5.88 








    
    

    
    

Outstanding at December 31
2015
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    

    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





13.Segments
 Products and Customers (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
105
983
100
812

    
10
258
9
725

    
6
383
6
775

    
1
255
1
275

    
123
879
118
587








Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life








Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















859


006





000





































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











368


368





700


700





068


068





























































































Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




244


244





597)


900)



Intangible assets
 net

647


344


























529


529


























248


248





















Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015







































647


344







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2005




208


208

























091


091



























































































































































393



























348






























































































Value of the investment at close of period. For schedules of investments that are categorized
 the value would be aggregated by category. For investment in and advances to affiliates
 if operations of any controlled companies are different in character from those of the company
 group such affiliates within divisions and by type of activities.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-12.Column C.3
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-14.Column E.2
3)




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2005


Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








Total
 Fair Value

252


252























Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








Total
 Fair Value






























































Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








Total
 Fair Value






























































Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








Total
 Fair Value






























































Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








Total
 Fair Value




























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Investments
 All Other Investments [Abstract]

























































































The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











256


082





770


636





016


946





042


664



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property and equipment
 gross

727


419





895)


044)





832


375










Property and equipment
 gross

747


807










Property and equipment
 gross

428


387










Property and equipment
 gross

122


907










Property and equipment
 gross



298










Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross

873









Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











560





















169


538




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




119














279


119












339


846





  2018





















780


113





  2019













































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























165





114





119



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000










  2017







Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Future minimum lease payment
 2017




Future minimum lease payment
 2018




Future minimum lease payment
 2019




Future minimum lease payment
 2020




Future minimum lease payment
 2021




Future minimum lease payment
 thereafter






































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











117


888












689


605












158


020
























































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











917


357



State and local tax expense
 net




































158


020



Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate
 percentage






State and local tax expense
 net
 percentage






U.S. domestic manufacturers' deduction &amp; other permanent differences
 percentage






Additions for tax positions of prior years
 percentage






Change in tax rates
 percentage






Change in tax estimate
 percentage






Provision for income taxes
 percentage






























































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.

























































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











854)


719)





854)


719)






















































192)


163)













































































































































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning balance




















Unrecognized tax benefits
 ending balance










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure

348








Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure

187








Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure









Investments
 fair value disclosure








Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands










Options outstanding
 beginning balance






000





000)








Options outstanding
 ending balance

000





000



Weighted average exercise price
 options granted | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercised | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options forfeited | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 ending balance | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercisable | $ / shares




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 outstanding




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 exercisable




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options outstanding | $




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options exercisable | $

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Risk-free interest rate
 minimum




Risk-free interest rate
 maximum









Expected volatility
 minimum




Expected volatility
 maximum










































Discloses use of the simplified method to calculate the expected term that stock option awards under the specified plan will exist before being exercised or terminated
 the reason and justification for its use
 and the periods for which the method was used if it was not used in all periods presented.




























The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















RSU's outstanding
 beginning balance






000













RSU's outstanding
 ending balance

000












The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















000













































































720



















Shares issued for compensation
 shares

000














500
000







448
000














000









Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





13. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




879


587












983


812












258


725












383


775












255


275







Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





13. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details Narrative) - Two Customers [Member]



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




000







500
000







220
000





Stock repurchased during period
 amount

000


542
000



Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]






Stock repurchased during period
 shares

000


000



Stock repurchased during period
 amount

000


542
000
































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




783


871





467


892



































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( &RIATH?(\\#P    !






!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS


:.4R61FD;3)FU2U6G;



7?T?$(O8#H%Z=31

#-9!


I-@
.Q]'%N;A$D
PLRI
MP/['L;M)F


M+W-H965T
BYX;6R%F-N.FT@0AE_%XCZAJ_I 
[(MQ8ZB76DCC;+:S35CM\=6
MP'B!&2=OOX 9RZZJSMR




MIX9KK(V

9S;B1^8L: ;JF\UZGT'F(W! &@I(X/P#HYRG



7NC3$\4ZDU:TZ 1<\G2E!E











M#L Y .\!$/\T0
\!^B
@').?G(VI?LF[?+MNZIO73$_KF@^3 AYU7\S]T#C6



8

383DVD1
QBC4EE:#2



JM8:E\K

9Q2W ';.\J5H(K2?E35S*/T; 7;^IBEXQ1
MY!CE*R+]7RNJ]PK0LLDU8KE ZZ2:!E_FN

.!
M#FG?P6
VG7)]=#

=N
MN$SZZV8Z[)INNOHZ'^0%]]/$[7]02P
$%     @ ;*F'2H$4Z34$ @  ; 4

M$G:5I.W@Q#UQI13S/SD0-J3^QK\'GMI+(W4 94F/+_ #Y'-_XNJ$IBQ52Z$3

M





M971S+W-H965T-BYX;6R56&UOHS@0_BN([RGX!1NJ)-(F:;
KW4E55W?WF29.



Q''*#V$J%S
MBQJ1B5$RL4

M(MD-Q4RP;DG2#@G1L+^D0$$-0BD0QLEYV%1?


R_#.Y/VLTN
PR-6I:6^EN:_ZU_U^T.B+_901#-]3UO\!4$L#


V$(7_BN%WKS1#49? 


M]6G1N-?'Y1
]Y-%88%3\=727]N9^


MKB^_N#DANUS

MV
S%
7_6\#


MQ#48F(09RYN[)P.$,$ T1@@N@F08_;21*/DM/D
4HRD8@6498P=F*A$PM2

M*ANI;)!452%;0RNBQ-/%


MVP1($N-QXJ$/:2=1*)V0JJ:?IJ07+?(@AEGHB!%9)66 \*CJ45+?)9P3@C
M ZQ('LVBNU9)(VE%BU9L?=\(LY$BC:3(%P)#C2Q(2

M2-*$-%9ZT?!;645[I*(T\C2,1)4U*/14!).4QR((HSST1-F)2D4:GF#M(D
M[ &D.IY6T8WHW@P&)F6@WWE QQATK$%G)5U80VS%\0W'YB6*EC'[ID/&M&--
M.RL)PYIC-I
=#XBBU&
%TXX1[6+I18.

MS8&*$O(


;
M8[U*)&ND%[ $-Q!G2,999G'D,$$-6I:.7
;30;*9$S-Q 9WTK$8'X:L%JT

M@\'L


;$9BE!K T
MEBPU&I1I2HH76G5G^MX.QJD!2\C8PYP( S  (PE 
 P(CES(E4&7L:.
((

YN$3DZ(K\'Y469T%02!A
(%!NZ/
SR E('(RW@;



';?)D@([
M'3=Y%IT6]CZ)=_*1/FS[+VYJH2TYH?
W&^=?(3KP4E8W?H4:_\ F1T+E@GGK



MK=1*JU1MGUE[?%&XN(#7Z=]WP([CI.X+



8JX=&T#7.]!5%%D)*
)\D-4Z+3M

MEKA!*6'_'$&:

M.QS3$!\#?G8PNM69A$K.QCP'XTN5TR0( @FE#PPMPL\@)2!&7\GCGIDC(

FI'8




;J[A'TS;






MK

MG0?V/HEO\AX^3OMW;ANA';D8CR\;^U\;XP&E;&YPA%K\8+








H.
DK[S+
MP#ZD\4W^A4_3_HW;5FA'+L;CR\;^-\9X0G)#8Y0AQ]L,20T/ASO\6RG,9L,
M;_KY!['E&Y=_ 5!+ P04     !LJ8=*&W^1O+@!  #1 P  &0   'AL+W=O



MC[7[6L[
PJT6?WGMN@+O
:JA88-P3WK\ 7




RYX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'Q O+$E6*T#*IJI:J956

F?$X'XU]=AV )R]*:E?0SOO^R)BK

H^^LRUS


M']+X)F_AT[1_Y[85VI&+\?BRL?^-
1Y0RNX&1ZC##[88$AH?CO=XMM.8388W
M_?R#V/*-RW]02P
$%     @ ;*F'2BC[-.FV 0  T@

H6N'.N/Q!BJPXD



)RG*MD(&FP+?IX;@+\3'@

[W6!DR (!%0N

MM)Q9O!3)WJ:=J[B/TTV6S;!M )T!= 'L8QXR)8K*[YEC96[TB
S4^YZ%)TX/

O WM+X





M971S+W-H965T





.PWL;7Q$

M971S+W-H965T

2J==IVJ1-.G7:]IE+


+W5!DR (%%0N



K8AW7KSUWFO)DT/.KH%HB3G-

M+W-H965T


MB#
@E^[?#TB:IEV^ #9^S\_&9.:9]L./*B56=SVCK7'QFS90M:V!OLH?
W



MU6]9N3:G!THJJ

[8




M_RY


RA[
E;M1:V-\G4&8J:$I?
M'8^R[7QPL#(?1 O?P?\8SA8MMK+44D/OI.F)A::@]^GQE(7X&/ D87*;
PF5

#R(\<7KDV)LJ.&
K
MXAV*=^B]ECSYD+-K(%IB3G

W\2D:P1#]C4%WTMQXO_!^3[\L*OP$.&'+3Q-

MV%;VCER


V&]X

M2P

M965T


MYTW3$ML;8'4$24'H;G=%).







M



MSI&+\?BRL?^U
1Y02G*#(]3B!UL
!;4/QUL\VVG
)L.;?OY!;/G&Q5]02P
$


8Z[FE9[^*UQ!^?@Q.<H4=FXDG*P#O7
XJ5H\3SMLHO[

M$J1O))W)6[%I.^2L%5/-9@F3I,E)0Y=G.25=QG8.Q[?Y#5\FO9OPC2RL^2
MSK]L['^-Z
!+V=WX$6K]!UL
!;4+QX_^;*8QFPR'_?R#V/*-B[]02P
$%


/Z

F1*#9)PD
21SQPAS#YA'H863-
MH[EZNJ(?@P2Q)8C_W'CA AA4E@D 442@!S1#,%A;9@*;)4$4.B(09N6X


@F/6(AHJ;









F

M%P3Q[(L$W9(XTC?I=#M]M^EP%]-W:_7;=_3WFP3[2+#_K\3TJL0MS#LNLTV1

M?.(E-UH[\%:2&^^E\UV\+ 0T+DQO_=Q
;WE:.-W/;4J6?T7Y%U!+ P04




-\;T1T)TT8!@^D[VT-F32BK!C#55372O


+E=X 









8^%8O!
MH3)NN[=[-0W


M=H%MH.DP=







4QZ)4)6C1.@F_!D#2K5(
.XK+S+5-S3T/A/^#12/YEN.FG065GW?$*3



M4]MNW 0_17$!X1=O$FV*]M2-E652HVT2M7VF;7'-@IX',#KY.\+V''=Q_

&]'4#AD=$O?'4^R;EQPL#SM1 T_

^!^-[F=%-2 @4


(6/=5@ZCA-EA38MW&2%]YY8._B([)_\'':'X6I96O)&9U_V=C_




#[ E

M@?O=GXVWR




O WM'X)N_AT[3_9*;ERJ*+=OYE8_\;

^


H
Q7T0%\=3[+M?'P,A]$]_
M?Q_.%BVVJM120^^DZ8F%IJ /A^

M/B@(W*[P$H%(4SCUZ))UY!N#V_JG^
M6


$%     @ ;*F'

M^Z
'.D[FY*[PQ7$<Y<\L9YKP4]W&?D
MZHEFS&GT!5FLR(8U\D:$SB1#^$TWCX-IKA-H1OU^H/NSC!+DJPP2[_TH\

M2'UCNNFD01=EW?

M\1=02P


5_A2LHA
=

$9IE4\K*7L?K)Y4
!4M
M7L9=FK0/X\TMGVCK!#X1^$PXI#AL#)0R?Q!!%)FS W%C[SL1GWA[Y-B;
CI3




O

BYX;6QU5.MNFS 4?A7$ ]3@0 106HZ59NT25&G=;\=.%Q4&U/;
MA.[M9QO*$/'^8)_C[W*.L9V-7+S)!D!Y'XQV\N0W2O5'A&31 /R@??0Z96*
MT:4#D6-9^ E);$*








M970S
RYX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZVS3E6TIFZAJI59:I6KZS-IC&P6,WB=
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#,T+GAM;&U4ZV[;(!1^%<0#%)LD3AK9EII.U29M4M1IW6]B'U]4,[@N'O[


\_U)]\[[:7]/P*/GOMC1-
MA@\8E5Q@9MG.7Z%N9\=1G/SW^$*W
)=)=:CD%S[+RH&;:2856PI@KU/8]OY

G(5_Z%&9:G2HY(37O?


M@:T7V/[78G+38@BS#YOL@B:[@
#AQB2$N0^;)$&3Y)/ )HIN3$*8V]]%5J=#
IDM* +26ZLPTW
M]JE8 @Z5<=.]G:OIPDR!D?W\%I#E0<K_ E!+ P04     !LJ8=*9MX04+4!






-\#D(V/95@
MNCA-%M5Z5'&2-]YU8&]I?)._\'G:GYCIN++HK)U_V=C_5FL'/I7DRH]0[S_8














M-^ 6[I38'*7DVO]&Y54;*086*T6PM_Y:-_[:#?SW
#R #@%T# +7TN?RO_


&1&)
M91]34S%GOX73O'P#%68^?#9/PI7.,$,)9@A!.MW)2(8FN))YFB2.4(0Z-(
M)5A


M12!/P#T$H5@&*%!W[ B=(A4!A9X\P6U$$!_1@(\(;B0RQ4D8*-A5W$L$
]
Z

M?3@=1^J.^J'Q%][/XZ]









$




 CG:03C=X&B.)I0G=48QQ[
P&6

2:)
M

$%     @ ;*F'
AH+S*WD7(X(3*!CHB'M@ O?I3

MR)_#D:L(+2I5VT$O6M8['.K



3
M@ID0+ 0__\!SP2\(:I
M/J

0
M&8%^*M'SMWU




M:&5E=#0R+GAM;(U7;6^;
!#^*XCO+=SQDE ED1JB:9

MTOW[&4


D^$')8'ISJ5+-DIHSQST'5#)T_2PEXMU-Q3N5KPL\C2@CV55G7.





MUQIX'P:S3PW\UL#_
/!5M9I45&TVB4A6BY)?K;)9WE-2=Q$\^++ZVWI2%5M]

M)'#I


RE!D1BD\[
MF)



M&R:(.P9*W08:6MPP0=T;()1KV*B %BY0RC6YH*4+4[3;@OJ11H9M&VCQPA3U

M9-AGD%8O3E$OZNKU332T?'&*?%M0_Z_F;FYH5Z3UBU/TB_K?,_2/B0V1TSMS
MYJP\J/-\96WYN57B=YL=V=X5


!8_
M



DIVY:
M7Y<\3.;!:^NHMUEU-C2P8=<63[8%%[.+3= HN,@@)&-%MH/I*,9MDS4P:=8
M!H?9X
:!N'(P&V6CLXF
36EL(AKGXV.;*R$A&VD&@TVE5G$PZ#\+&0CVVN
MA(102 B$C(*L0BL(HY!&2FX874F)H)0(3

C

MIHX =;92NZ@Z%@AA
 F!Z9I\S!PAYL; ]$;W,58$L#2XH5L+%U1,)6$J!SS
M0G=329A* E3:4VM3Z7I_Q%!R5#$=4\LQ





2.O
A9+TG3PI%[



2%^3TB



MS&!:6V2;+HRL






\<,,NP6P4P!;@?A=C&038\(0B^FG&%%-DD<H+W%9BIY78865S


MQ@IYN/LLB+=/[1&4$A)OK*#5\S?MZ#L5E[:7WIDK_279]UYSKD +!D\Z5J
[








MHZ0H2CI%B1
\088FR&[PDDTQ$T:RD1E
1;
9-SD*DR-N9HX]Q'@IB&_PTXFN
M#A$%






MP5$$\M:V5/QY L:'/(S#]XF7YEHK



VM^@NDG%V]%%H[3TS;5-9]O!K1 REOD+DK$@F0KBS7\+\%B %P7(
MD=FHSU31(A-\(3[6#TU=R(^8'V8E9FT9V?7=%JI9^\%WI$,W8W1J'ERFF2F
M23XJRK41Y












M
#^&D[(17ECJ3DO.]E'IH?2'8^;P'OS@U&O]I'KYSEJPN^U 6*G2'@
M4!G'P.QR@V?@W!%9&[]G3K1(NL+U_IW]D^_=]G)F&IXE_]75IBW0#D4U-.S*


M8%@GX*B0'CBGZO
 3(XYWN!+XJ5K6N
2I
AZVL O
+_[H[(165BJCH/0G11(
M09WC^\W^D#J\![QV



MY\1JE))I_T3EH(WD

)L%02S[(A&'
M) [Q?^5)M T3;(

M09$T0'!W)1+?+L2(:OORT$U_F9K5,I!^*E:99?AN8_]_?B3Y/W3%738U.
MTMA;YN]+:4!:R6ZL5Y:.^Q+P* V;GMK]VJZ\E-@9#]/

M   ( &RIATHR3[]C]P$  +




M7Y7QO3ZZGBH(%1*6YW.$1%%LHRW6=-=DIQO?]0?]*]RUXNF

C)7^Z


];
8O\*4SWV IN2_PP6H@=M(C(]*
M4.6^J#HK+=BD8D)AY




M='


M#M#+.R?*.BSDEIT1'QC@HT[J(J($
=;GN_*G7LD54EO0C2]O#(/'[I.LS^
MUD#HN/5#_RWPU)X;H0*H*@=\AI\@GH=')G=H=CFV'?2\I;W'X+3U'\+-KE!Z

H5B:QQH(3K

\J* ^.WU/=LME]%HE45BJS*:-+711 M-.N0
M=)]+1*X2=;1*CVX+[-:*.'!7B)U-Q#H_OFGB \3$:9!H@^3&P(*LC2;3FMZT

UYI\07L#DCE!
@=(8H%DJR)1

_4A4E/ BM=RUIK1^&YC!O4/S
YM

A#0;08=I^*/YU3] U!+
M P04     !LJ8=*


M970U-YX;6Q]EFUOFS 0Q[\*XGT+?@!E41J


I)DEHY=]U?!65:*-)#^LXD?TL$6%
M-7*WQ6_JLDXLJD\_%B)U_WJSBU1+SF.VU=,/.X\VO:^O)</P=G
9C3&LX
M';]Y_^R2-\D\
\6WHOY3[?5I%2_B:
\/[%SK'^+ZA0\)97$T9/^-7WAMY);$

!RC\T((


M:-H2(SW,02&0FQP8(YO VQ#!4GA 1
@CA[




FNGK@%'FLTJ%,]LIHI




M#U);$'6YTBUM6^VD./[

MSU1:H6:O59)&97#51K-F
VFB&XVEV+J*.%PD@0)8**0(C+U\1U%#!O$H$%L
M#)([@\2*,6FPT?1&\P'EMFH+J3)4P# ))
 
*D%

M80


MA[RKN2=YT

M?+('R]^+ZA]02P
L]#I??PSWAYW&

YH[(9H2HCDAS/Z;$$\)\6M8LQ;9<;J)RQQ
MF7


@
03)FRXDJRY83&8PO2V2



M/;?3R!XD&Z9!B^9I7_X#4$L#!!0    ( &RIATI*YP]ALP$  - #   9



M@KU!]B0E
__N0.BQPAE^2SSP8^]@M3EP([P!]S?86]\1&:5EDM0EFN%#'05
M_I9M=T7 1\ CA]$N]B@X.6C]'(*?;85I* @$-XH


A46;3Z




C[C^#U!+ P04     !LJ8=*R6 TO-(  !##0  &0   'AL+W=O



M1:=JV46#.&SB3W#_P)AM
$;\KL55W3Q'MBLO4K[:PK?])DZM(]&(G;82W-PN
MXE$TC54R/O[.HO&2TS:\?7Y7_S)VWG3FA2OQ*)L_]5Z?-G$51WMQX.=&/\OK
M5S%W*(^CN???Q44T)MPZ

;

MG5RLT!SS


4A N/=TL28$RP&7IN(34
Q05


M$X4T44@058%'@B8*0XC8*(8310CB*H\?RA&$\5B&+!1#&:*$8057E^'
RS






M808;^*.!/QD$)CEH )G(/Q))BIRSWN%#\CNB_V.\]55N3GK1I
)\4\$+M7HO
MPC3





MY
.5XAOAUZH5SI%)=7J:

M:&5E='





MXJ)9V\%)(G7AG
I?1V!B.. 0WP+/;=UH&R!YUM
:OH+^UI^DV9'9I6PY=*H5

4:V4[.0KS8S:?R@ -;$# HM'6@YG&%)V#
&IDR



M:IIG4@Q(CF??4_N)PWUDSJ:P07<4[ITI7IGH-8_#.-7:S1ICJ





F*?


M4?R^\5P?3U)O).ME3X_L.Y
_^J=!K9(IRKYN62=JWD4#.ZSB1_2PQ9EV
!8_


MF/_1[BPD;VT41:6E;^.U[LSU.CXI

0S(R
ZE^




(HQ #$6 (9S^C:0S0(&
M02DLYM0/$5(2O0#=


M#+&O
/\+;(WF=''ADTUF0UC+AJ.95T6TX^=.ZG%GMCO-Q(]8#W'._D;-RN-D
M^R_

L4R_:#XG=1L/RT:=I#ZME3WPSC@C@O)

OB/5?4$L#!!0    ( &RIATJ*_IMZ20(  &





VX.CD3RZ%NH!4U:RT.Q[7]



MG!!9('_2(4#]*9W:6JSQ(UQ+BFI)$2TA3IA!-D#9K*%S#A8O!H$E1W

M:5(\F^8YBV_T!#$M[X-F&#_?3_5K;#V3*K&:=K;D3$)2J3[IZ\4A-O.E X

M*;M1U$JMM$K5]MD+PT6Q

2EG6COF![?

MI!.9VTC9[Q 210
4BSO60Z=V*L8IEFK):R1Z#K@T)$I0X'D)HKCMW#PUL2//
M4S9(TG9PY(X8*
7\SQX(&S/7=R^!E[9NI Z@/.UQ#=]!_NB/7*W0HE*V%#K1
MLL[A4&7NH[\[)!IO #];&

MQN]9TUU2:N)Z?E%_-MZ5EQ



M8
-\VACY&'-52&PM)+X5B/]Q%(E5(/D/)Q9


ML!K5NI8%@4KJZ;V:\^D!3PO)^KDWH:5!YG\!4$L#!!0    ( &RIATH;U)%R
M-@(  

!#]




?+9VE)



MA'!

MQ^]

.4&(52BQZ4(H61D*
MPO^4&H52BUV4(H73G*HGRN8Q[B&A8D<7BWGLQ:3V:I)[<3Y%:W$)0+ SE
MJ\ZEQ=K/&A5$Z5T[A;6:X@/M+3[6WC7

M^#%4DV
1W\GY;









M A44C-@-5QA!X1H
M(B7C[\#ICR5UXG3^ROYHOLO!RQ@Q\B?YBCKC9_[WA%.^$+D$^N_PN!GY7N#


1'.3%A

M698F_+GOKPCD.+LD(



E_=)^O:@TH=^6H%!^9ZD\^^Q='U75*D9?1I

M+[
YK

9=.%TE\^EDN[F#L_[/=/XJZDWB

M;^46+C\9
30WR\L:Z7U.-R#4X38EQ1JZ;=JF[6J[)'8NQQVNKB*]@TV%
Q M

M#*7QE^5]


KK/&BR%?Z=(/8HE<8/7LB;9V^;+A%
M4R;3=N@/N#J()'!3N%9K[DA8P#-F()-Q?(6$!4-*9/E^]KP5L*CK!MD[]


M
_7;__^UM4S#]]


1LUD_6S:.5@*\VT4GMM#ZLE
M6^0[4*/MWS2*PMZQ1?.T1R =CE2BFNW_L7\'UNY%E Z '$Z7\\RD(_75D;$
MSUU;,^VEUE2@%I%.XFD=3Q7LZX(I,O;5D7A


MEJ9S:;J!8NK$
 =)BN@0&5&S#7Z/49_X:8OE?N\DCM
HF^?3^KC=E&U))L_&

&&%]A8&5#S=:^JMC;YI)T*JCT\LV
]
ZTN'.3%(-Z





M5D &LR0Z^??_



MW :ERVP%2^ M
M5?^1/83\_'Z^
H]%+KXB D+28/*D33

M2M;)+5O#09!;)=]2KU\Z



MGVT9G9-@08Y8Y6SU

XO']-S+M@@E(*B





&J*1Y?&
==A@N(-FEB;7!/

F*RE2U8XP!1 
G6WE$V](*L



MJ9

MR%=!Q*2.D7LT3$N7@HQ-[DCW)C/Y 83KO?2U5J&BLO 6T843O.1\D=Q:H;

M@6.TE
F\X5B!
GFT5S70_1P47+C

/B

M$:T-&+9R1D0
2M)=SA.K2&8@0&!

MLSL@HZ+BDHA&T5G4ZYM/R%Q2[_

I.C2D4R!:O?)C QFL'<Z$,.V$HW;CZIQ^SX5(=F)OQ/#&E!BY[/Q
MD*6/J=CE75 /THN#YZR]195$615E7:-CHAT VBRQ/L=+Z#5#5I)W?ESK(7%

08Z(RY&UIYD#OSQTZ5F#_#

MQ%*

T-

?).IDP^\\7H%\'2H9L91RQZ.-_%8R*
M90]DK3/58
PH-@8J8NL$L1R[..:M.<81H8=Z0(BX[89!(


VW
MMLP%^!N

;: HC!3!WP5D&F+)]@DOO[)9LGDN](_2:THM)-
M!K^[S9LWC +EN
H@*D1I[1+P*+RR6:((Y4](U



A.9R?:BQN
)8.
5H_UE7T4P&*=9^ZRQ\E;EEV#_:IY=J8V




MB#Z/U27W;CAOU8ESW)$@?0M'8:
I-:






M@!ZUE-D98Z+ B) +4HP%+P)1IN_?/K0(/C6U$1/=CJK&C
)4&-]![?55T7Q:


M=E8ZYF!H.[K=9A2=:TI^G:1[-


2LX 







@4;$%#1'E+MJO2R:Y5N_:P


MNPNQ*:NN/_\ \ABI4SP$=S
@W^2L& [1PJ4EG8(C_S?R1NG)&&CU#!9?5B&Z

1WK94##9=S

YCJ%2ZU-8+QZS<AQ\<PVJ@8-GFTJ!$2@H;,C916_5R\Z/CV3U-FU$-
M20AU13?]I3^KV0PKYE;&S?;E'Q[+</Q ^F$V\I1XU4,H%MY!-+!TCB=@C2
M+)OR3!N+8%[RKHHE

ALT/6L











9$N-FUF_\:C5EEFD6T=@2'1Y@VT]-J'@5ED:T[Y
MQ$ -)%Z
2Q5#G0[(OU!$=3&-J@LVV (95S10TROTK*.7


1CXBS+X#V-KN
MESN'3V#:L/#*-CP9XO2


KQT(
MRSELCWVRUX7C(C! *6C&V% O'IP/@'ZCD^D4VH$_@;1U[X#0NWB8QV

MH

MAQ5V0T/A+$M-OLJ2?(

M

M
4]\Y\F%]B\$!NJ


[$&K

M%+LCY@L#^G






MZTALO=-=34T9!;A3+=5CU25XC$+2K&_XV%96##='B^'OU[?H]2/B(C%A-&;!


ML@_




E? #?7



QR8OQ+6%ATSJ]T3_E2ZR N$[[UW1GYUL
MOU=(CE-;9)F)NZLI&H_0BU%7 !#ZDVF0A?YD'5II1IB \D#




MBGW4W.*

FNG8*1*7+-JX+SBSBK

%:V6L9Y%







M:



M+O81.



49F

)NMG
PS;@&#F2#@_$TC$?D%@




M[]AV

MO)ZDT M0:





M3Q5$U#LL$HM/6BL2
TN1*?OQ
/HV]H1SP2QO[E42SSZ@U;L])5*_]T$LM(





M=ISRD7:?E-YS$E
3UX
[10WUXFZ08B7O7VNT/3 %.
W+%P_JNE2_P[LH5AP?



M_J#@)F6W4N)TMO/@HNN=W-

M

J5/;'M.U/LIZ'

''#U*=(8 RPKJW*%
)



Z&8ZX=?AYWNEC5\.I]M


$LX(KB_#


LOAKH1FN7)=JT^<#3@5I7+%8+?Z'51]YDF0PR9(N7D*[1]^]T-HHX#W&









'G+):/0^OB=X'-K7

)P 2R\K.!Y


O^83= 2EC70)75.J&ZB*0
M0Q\1NG/4)JYK#-79DQP/LG#M%0



KT72@-


M'HYQZ$*6A#;A^91):I/$/\GV\Y^FQ&86O]ENE] ]EW+PHF2^^E.1=735_V*=
M-&5E^;4 _$03#1


M^Z'(IO8!] ;CYA'TXM&PSV.@DE


J\EXU;F;KA&

M(1[+G
%)

M38?78U%)G8D:BR!;

RHU(_6@E@
Z)


M&U
KTM%'JP


DF(H

MKTY $VX95UB2AU1AW$+M[Y@==*7$1&XF-H9U*W


!J\7
<*6 35VAPR\A[I)2
M0)87!J^






MN-QFF-
-[SF_F7B.T
40'CT+

MT&OKD^#SB\=TH^@U5


KS] "(*@\MS
MAD9(RR44'&MG'-UT'[+%V2R_J;Y=V4(& P'9EMP^ =JK5;35:RP-_P6W#KZ





7ZD?I
MC/(87HEYL 8'ZP*T**90)$T-4YZ-(*=8BB6GN+SWLDW%)@@9]MX5)^E/5P



M0

MK2T ];3:3Z:A9)%7RJJI

!
M!V'PEB3WYD'9$:
X(;^CMFB! *E &%\J GN$9,[1.9!DHU%%2\UUU2JF+0





J2WC#
NP.$+

[*


06D@W'


M/ED:!V;SI@EEO 'IS-(CZS8IHAS*6XPB[]

MK/


^N$NL


M7SY;?#ZIMN
;
Y^9Z^RW:2/%)'XPGHZD8





IK/;;39GE%@%
MFV.U&8$;Q
KG8WC[49



MC#L
VY_(J+5OHMFL=-

MFCZH%'3;(-:


M/4XP^)SD&#5A ]XO$M\\S)# 5V5D%8&Y!842
@RYX[YW:)[LS@F
M&*7*SY3TJ
+D

M@8)EFTN#$BDI;

5J$8
M88+L B'\IH.Q )AXF&



RC#83O$:C*OH2;9 ]


MZ^T-&7J@M='9L'OZ


MN8V^K:%-Q-()+ )1!A2FE+J.%)1T/](--&%I)1VC0ZAS H7A?:M@/P3H$1
M
LQ@U?9!XURR$IHJ
.C!LS41L/DJ4HGQ[!Q )Q8#R5[D&K7!XJVY!):E3[&
MFWKM$NDQ:RT7B+.HM2;7V\GJS=3N+YTUZS;2Y=1K4O3UF6^7MJT8:(9E0+;


.NU_:3F?*+WC2)$/1C]

M1507TZBZ8(

M$Z
DK%/)SYJ=?Q#R[PO5+:\!_EW/[M(YXI)#&\TY^;%% YQ'7SE+[ /F?];A


M


@CT-I@



M


' )@

A_$$.-QP$ ][

M&LJ&S
T0]-$RATL#4_+0X#ZP.N65=69:#P7&!IT
L





KOC1W#XN.=WJF
M:)P8H:_AZGMU:I%Y

3H%?Q.- */0):]:R?TI\<'-/S_'_


M@


M.M5)MP
R\
^.=&HA_Y9T!E

+GOT T&)Q7^-K<0Z'1

MZIWW=;=ZXP:=K


MWA7@.3_2[N32=P7GML
'=$]KMN9S Q;[_#-4^1)B=L63GOC9HT\5<
OBTMD?[


6\#.BXF.-

MLW







M-/V!SM.%@BI%(;%#7SX

ZY]7VKVIN-WI2'((8[:%ZLI_F'?\V0+V/? H=6'&Z0I

M8F5=]LTMU8( :H_A=Q\P!*+7NG-O$$_.UD)%ZU;= D&A$^;?_@V]Y(WO!V;(



().QE


6*&13
M7QYS[YE60J%H?X&7C F8?$]4 NZV%C5KMS(/FH2




DJX*2YD#4($RFDXD0;5Y5!




M^7'V9C8+'\ZOCO$S%SC'R'-\RA

])+\)?\YK8$?6EI0[Z&M*XD&(J

RBL'$7+RHY:UH$-:BVY

MJA'.MUL'[A04M'-^5XSY#3NI:[;[P&@I./A:?ILP.C%A&I
A#ZJDHH^&S^Z4

) A1A^Z+-UG_.7?[/BA?O

_V9(HZ8 4YPPU.O_5F/N[IKD7CU59VXO1

33:3ZII*Y'E^?/


M+R]&D?_OI//G/&BK[THU$N9

M A@#P/A@@.+#7!+(!$ F[PBY!#A!N:E1_QHB&0*8!

0&8'@URX

M8'M0UG6/'J6-F'62=93U:XQ6MDC42M'T9!'(F:1Y&,Q-_XQCT=B7D9'C49
MQ/RSU5M_*L5$)HF857(\#C/ M#ZR?'GTU[%J9W1/R)F@9R,Q4WCE!5S^22[
M6[]R(65$S,XX'8M94U6ZGPI=NN4CM-/U6M6%WL%$THB8K1%-QUTV4GAY./N


AMG-
MO@;QD&AB9M' #P^H9A(-C&S; 8RL,&N1+*)F66SGXH- 29(,PFS9F!.ED04
M$YDFX3;-7DXVV(](,@FS9$!R%E@I)GS_Q2P9E*!Y3HJ))),P2\;G:!%H^_I
M$J29A%DS4-E)3C&1;A)FW6#
8XJ)M)
P:P=C4NTD2#L)LW:&$Z KY:0NK?A(
M
9%YD@.\$WO!3*?T53?R3\KL'XQ)_9
B_Z3
_ME/*%^&N]]-
9&%4F8+_1GS

MS\X4IR5
))_LD(N?C
HG0_+)F.6#




MOM5_-S+L[Z[Q_'WKY7]02P


]G-JF'$]=
M6;U=SDW95





M\_5.0._$USL!O1-?[P3T3GR]$] [\?5.0._$USL!O=




M33^*YE:KMJ+:58]]OJ6


M15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLFH4636*K 9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D-2BRFB/*.AW+

MP              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P+GAM





BYX;6Q0




M%     @ ;*F'2NF'92ZW 0  T@
  !D              ( !UR4  'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &RIATH;?Y&\N $  -$#   9                ;
I


M% 


4     !LJ8=*+I 4#UX  C






M-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !LJ8=*Q1A]I
8!   W!   &0


M+W-H965T

  !D


4



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !LJ8=*
&PO=V]R:W-H

  %4-   9

M A0#%     @ ;*F'2H-F[W;  P  QA(  !D              ( !2VH  'AL



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &RIATH(O0JA^@$  '


O


M   ( &RIATK/Y[4[:@(  #4(   9                :IW  !X;]W;W)K





M]P$  +




BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !L


4     !LJ8=*C869]QD  #Y




M970U.YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ;*F'2I2/JCZ 0  B@4  !D




M &

N




M:&5E=#8U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &RIATKQ0H9+(P(  #\&   9

M  @ ;*F'2L;ZI3^Z9   R'@! !0              ( !N:4  'AL+W-H87)E







52P4&     $L 2P!_%   @18!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001683168-17-000864-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( &RIATKL]W2-

#$V
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO6MSVTB2*/I](_8_X/K
[+HC*)EO2?9TGY!EJX_.^!66NN?N_;(!$D41
M:Q#@X&9\^MO9M8#!? %D* (DK6QNVV1!HK

\];Z
M$ S/[OQ1\

Q@R_X2F^M

W\+?%_!QLXO_[^*AW7S;
M[KSM-/^_@DO%=IQ$:JGFSZ;X'_[XWWX.0L]]B__? C+XT=N?D?OK*VUWSYWS




M_(J%[E ]M_ZA[ 

MI_U6&WXHSQ/RX-N(./T[&UG$OF_'1%1\R9E\X/QGY+P27R.HO[Z*7!0SKZPW

 4!^*%Z'

M2[7XMW0#:@GQ3:5( NKUSSK-PT62V
!ND+3\Q/ZWD+K__3YQ/518KGU'_O-N
M


MVYN%B^N OUD



MR1;BQ;!76?;ZDXW=(9@D)\A!V:T;UBG*.L
DBH/)?W]G0W=Z+(QSZ_INS#ZY

MG*X.E#B:&ZT46\F'\JA9SUQE0/H.4.3U-1WEAI6K8^5C4LX.A)5UE!M6+GFE
MWP;A)/'L$V18NM(SVS?
4U8.WA 3L? [\^P82!&-W:FYW?


/@G-YJ/H1C)/8\=([$/F*&-I-X'0QL)O92A57+ (6:G9)(#
M
DI.
AG%(&L8^.
-H&/72

MB'OUM+C787K#




MM*\'[?=Q[K^SV'9]YGRT0]_U'X_$(5F0_(LW?V*GWW! G3A@'S:AD?_UD/_[
M$49.Z^=L ^^


Y8BH=F


&GP'^

M'$O^Q I&*K)]PU







? J2


MF:OKB\W;)\

G[4(RP:WMAG_:7L+N_&D21Y_8


M.9@\^[VT85Z$_K9A
MT;4L6EBI

PQ94]0S#UD/E


#

65@








\J'[6/;]9GST0Y]
MN
C

M8_'7@(EJJSIMQ$0GQDR'(:?JQV(BG;];C*VZ!]O@YUC82:L!Z.ZAS
?P1?WY
MXB7+?PQ?' Y?5%XSE/@N9PI


MC8:V]U_
#LONY4S?R+*WS3/ /YCG_=T/GOU[X%2X IR[*$K@SBBZ[)= 9X E





=X 6+39*)
M O[RH(W?V: ;_5J!+TLW@I- 12&)LU@E&9:R+IDZ*48.]$8W=ZB)Q2:!]Y







$WXB)A0_V3Q9]
MLV?8/:82@K5:N=NA!  5PUZ:%+WVSB'_Y-H#UR/J57
^KJZ*P:PM7!6PI?&;



K!]8-
0WD5J
?S;


M09AVO\

MG:P@++Y^M97OQ?S/K$*(4]'IMS ]R1.[1C%GT=P4D



M&_^#

\


).'.^P*@/3PS




H Z6T#R&6WOVN
M L!D@\\[P CA0#IMEJ=C0 1



M:A:3=UAM!X9



M7






<LD=0%RL



\
Z/QS8VFWV?
M/!9




IWINOF\\XVAJT:1KZ\


:A-^9C^T?4


'P[P*S#_/9C97CP3#Q?2






NQ:W]
 Y\.



=LDVW
#%(G%MH!I(S2MQ-(2F/X!UMH8/K]^





M@Y^K/Z;TK__5ZHC_MT_H'L;
LH= FZGM8QXZ001XC0(/*Q' 7AZYONT/7=N#
MM\ '/*_2]IW
8Y:/\U:LL?W$K %COC7% 8^@ %NN3S\

M#-] G%:SZ

M0RS!-)*B6N@2_

$)Q]67/Q1A<)]2





0-C\!*! D#H/]H%X'Y_P=








!Z@







!10TE<FC0)$;_@






MK)W%]=TN:F%4A3D'DN]R2J$7HD!2(J N

MUF-.

M'IP@\.J0FK]HCY%3#RUMX


M==K/RF

M'L
H:2A4X@P8
W.RJSW9


M^C/?EN$#S%MPI6KF!&3BNI-I&#)U#-2AKF&X[DCI65HJ!F.@26X9BI2,%O



4





C=







MB*6IL!&O2Q=YO=1'PX6OAFA:4S*
F']





W2NLW5D$
KQPE6-I#$0E5O#?R



8SAR
I=1+(A

_?2;-D+?($)UH

6O7Z 2CB

M1;W8=
0ZU
M.PYXN3LO0,(:-S2!/(D1(:H(FUPIH*)VZU982*D+ULCD-S3Q!C/0)
9FN+=

M6A

M
:\.E]
.^*WM8'

4N'80HS;A

V=:G0!.5C_TF]<]J[H]W_I-9K-?D-H1&EX
MQARO:H_71ZGA@88JSA=.^+(BG.)HCEG%C8'MR!TJI9K[-WE[785RBFW24Q$


MS;A5@^8G&!4.;H


TLO

M9!)Q[-[L]
+QK




O&T6UM#A6.UN1ML;E'

O#::R6:4$4SBC/#?F_H4T$TZTE\RMF\_K$\_C

MH1XP. N4=62/T.VF!'FK1X+\*D_?:$S9B /N*W5E=T MP8EW!3RW0.]#7ZHC




2DZ%TD7M)SH_)5;W;4$Z)SF'@-77[S1!G]HN2:F!54J?E8'262'JF_7]H

MQ4PK$0T21XU


9/T@^\(6VK0)#2!3U$B=;2R2K6.@HBJN;
MYWIB#'9]_0Y.R@YP2A:?J#E328MJ.A<_^#*9OD%C-#.5)'[@JV*2C'YI=WR

:PT-7 U0*%1X^7


3;QRX)/D4

M]



M2AAO89-954Z\5NK%)#6X
?Y'N0&I\

MG@4G


M@2;J)].R^%0#$XYZX1L1GE7^!EDJ2@K


'A

$H:F\L\VXMK(W5.L[TH



;,P7G7L2
M:EP3V1.F]*U2K]0/@^[\)F[^H?

M/#+1-J[0KHVXK=0CYQ(TTLZ02[1)&7)NB

MN9*9^5/6Z(2GT2S;$(VP,1?U'1 -0E/B\8SHR*I#ML$J3M3\C%*_]-!P_[


MA[W#Q%7


\'PQV___F_8TOIO



MEU?.8I^#+6

ME8922J2G@&FU385H69ZO:*]%0K'/MK/ 5)'!,?TJV\^^R+-DL!:+]@S#X/B
M#],K7:\0$SZ];,?SANAZM 8NUZ 9T5Q7E +


1


M'D

ON*X









6EN-;XQZCSFT8E]!

M.A!^[['[. :9[;G_1!&AER'(KMV.3#!.(W$3#&6*H2O87A@]RGX\YDV*J:
M!:AI
8V:YU:&V'
=GO@D\^ 9G;CO2TC:A2Z_E\$ %5V6)/9
T[(+K/QC1Y


M&7*BU3CW+I!_RXD:UM)]2E_WT
/4?5R'7Y?8'U_-VB%M_ R3+
X42-RWL0A)

M05;W!;KAJ(S@72ZM3-5-IE




M$!%C9HN0P[F5VZ

PB )
L&;C:R#!A+FY:G0F690
@+

'B_NT8A1SU4=
M-]5$/F9FK+S4
7
C
:-




M_QB[

N%L@29ZR)3I66=6JWT

MNT./';[LZAW#X: FNC2M]ZCNE7N



M*

%H@IH[ZE:

J



M+




M JUN-ETY_MG83.+!_MG/17R BIR?253JL!K$V.,E\MG!^R8WEX3B(B6HVM


*B0I0*9]^!AOLVE*#P54G=C7;#B


)T





'# 3!IS*]-\FK0\DE
A''E .5TM%R6

^/)5ON+TG[F&MOD$2#1J[PPZB'5
OY*]47)I1PYN/A^\&;#*
M^[;3:G/,EYKZ%*6NH/V3C41G%S4?^DW+GM7]/N_]!K-9K\A%+LTP+7^'EQS
M./-G^:/0U+ZQ\'X,%K4YR[L[RQ+7J-6+PSR9H*Z.B#=GNN+QFW;D#I4APGW

M!+=8M]N(M7H3TCIAW!)$DQT

*6G TRZ-?+





XM02*KGC[-RZ5A !M6$U
M]
7A2X.IG


M:)Z:RI?([S17S(D7R)

XI:C9(W24JFND
MU:-KYI/WVA

M:CGX@C#2U1\1ZAT*AG/8Y7GD%^%@%RN3WQ,&7QB*])](2?%RO@J#:NUU:PK
M @05IGXZE





M






E6



MWL2W1X$/;Y^AH

Z(@F]^ULB.P2BDK08<S-W-^;.]




MI$R)DBG6\SLB72L4:^E5=GKP#
\]+63UF[T4-




7L1^]N!30)-A-R[#A7:GH' ^SYUBQV+GUE5NZ
M0JUIM1NBC$9J-10SH




-C0)
M$O+8.%2 A0GF* 2PNX<(:DF@] M;.$<X(A8Y2/E@FFL.8:9Y[!WF+B*.68-

D;S?C4*D2 @.TU10
)R9)I#'Q=\5+9
4'^<D1ULLF\.DYC5=XKBFHEM.YRL0)$O'-? 91#N:QE!@4D)F*8$F
M-1BII1V![9?*;0_PV3P?WW5?[5HJWQ P]RLIO?964W%VUFFKJ<ZX
*;GQEA

MSF.CPG3[2ZD]M3JYI2B!M^A:K6:CT[\LM^ 66RLK 0S=#HEN58B236:JO;.V
&SG
MEWM)


M



G\=C7T9WJ/O )
(;\)TW^Y5[=U%NZ

MTO/-T*(^M*C!?6[Z[QUT7+S.3=@
Z4^6]'776\Q567AVO1\,[2H#RT.76TQ
M_?=J=YF9_GNG2'33?V_7&9RF_]XF.J0J5?S\FM#?=-_KVB:9N'\RF4IFL&J

[[;*(V6F

M^4O@#Y
PA(^$8;J1W;B_9G-SV*Y3YW3L
C\



YR3&6:&WL)PI[UV]
M4+N@\#9%

M(1NQ


MRNK@&\WZSRHR%!_E]3O;S@*Q9#^X$G_
MNG6YH1:[)?$W5&8
S:L0]LVK@D&@FM6KU:3 JF3QT=[@_#T
HLAZQ!(**Q@1

L/8$ (LXJ/W8Y%1 ]X=3=DP=I^8-SNO-SH/

IK8_^\\H0^]G

31BO08P#:\#X')HS^(U_%K
).C%#UYM9+BS@ALP!



4/]B[4-;@QN
M]OTZ@QN#&X.;\I=J18TSVJ9Q1EW;\K?;!1U+I@=#;6CV^@5'*9@6#%N1JM6K


](8U56E(6O-';!4Y5.&D 8:3L/MCY$9QOGLI
MK#'4CEYJU+MI?0A_=

.LU

 D4SHZ:#]13'\A].)R(8O(D X@2= IS&\$R 4
M7W+4SE
PQ[/=I^Y8]1+<$+9#1 I84SLDUA#8';KA
M


MEYZ_:]_YBOCY OA+X

7
2CWT=

)@@TY\U


MZI@F6#ML2='J;-.3HG]5

MC+#=



^ QZ?VKK]4XF0*D


MN! SU+\TTN#&X&;?KS.X

MM-]MSZCFABT(3





M9)DH?H&M4XFF&$7H9':A*!
0$O$_#:T
;;0\#K$USKQ3!H0B9+UFHU+KIF


(







M7IM$=Y/H_@(6E4ETKT_&M$ET/TBRF41WD^AN$MU/DA@FT=TDNIM$]U
CADET

2#/A7)<4S;'VDCOL$
M]UTPP;N^A&_+)'XO#;CU^@7GK9I\_?J0[;)7T%5NLO7%+KXSV[-8%-LQLV+[

V



MI]\H&'#1\OJ-B63N(I+9N+@LFQGPMC'1OQNH]6J;Z?X%P]DE]D#U?[F6B&


MLZ.(Q9'\ZR:83&U_=F[=^1;R'=X1#0ON+1;2]PBX^G'(^! =^S%D#-U_@#SM
M)98;Z3N;N+X[22;6R/W)')X7. 84P_


MR768[\ .0DX
-DU 





MPVF.\9)





'\PD+9@N

5N@#/4 DL[ .O83D:'^MT#'Q=P.:3'(@G


/KKU!;M$OM-;/NY+7H_.2/\ LJE&44:O5ES/VN_X*M=8L
M;;#YN

MMW(R
C=#F]\


XWN9@R/]\+A^/X

0/0([X$C
MYH'T!;CP*820^816O395F#V2Z7(PT 


QJY/1OPLP29(?E8BB%PZ^!TH?Y3%




P:H_=/I/<4?&?D!8&)H

M



SM)GY
W$0

I]S
%]JV

?E3T&


R840F
MC&CA';P)(S)A1:,J/HK+1-&9,*(:J)1)HS(A!&9,(31E0SA3)A1#F/]DP8
M44Y5-&%$)HRHJ(Q
&-'IAA$M2B_?X

M[HTI



5'LQ[
186C6

V@WK&[.




M


M(E]I8NIS2K!5'(.O


8.U:




^1V0?


M

C YM)F9N2*']G*W*;2+

M_PH[U/4[?29^\)'T=&4?\CZ'@KWS1V/N3?X&NU0!:L?=3/%UID08*4\7^
2'

(_E-F&THKU



=SHW5T^8V!NP9?9TX9E
M713KSP0O[%]L5N/R
F?RZ4&%+^SS&O




WUW;OT\VMVV6XU
MIJVB$!E)D7T&KQIDJ)-1

1%NH/A(//GJ.[GC(VHB

Y&/<[! , .:_QMU-L(W(XPY*UK\
M


*W+@GY)V%_IA(C/]
M7







MJ7RLU LZ7%5OU112K=0FC?A_Z=9#K^F#^:*]TUO!7W'L'.Q%=6(&?;!1W1

D
ME5Q'H)M!Z-O?&S.6

_I@T
MZ_L)O6.5Q1:?=K60]NFUV/PYQ[JCDGG*DYNM)903,;/$9[;2H1CA.)0$GQ$K
M+$LT#_&00UFUB887X K6VPUM#* %E'56AR1;\.2$C#Q RO2ZL4%_%2P+ *W
M6EHZX+_R
**KN@05$WK#

RMC
M%)F3W$9K$Q]DKCA'?(+2=B*

MF+=* (E_D=
0JY2[P9N7-0;GAJ 27AV(0T3X92J
(C7XD&XR[0%ST
9V[=
M^L*5(KFHGE\?M6Y3R668ADFI*BS3+(




MT#ZW^&NZ);83PEH 5GKI]B1Q.I9N3U9O38_K+K7B3.-B)\9S1[TFU7AY[JMU

RQPV&V7*H4R[2*2.-U%U8



0B#P#%-P^9*R5SY@=-$*!X




.#

II+\[S2X;2==%' ?J


C
4SJ
M -*A!1D



M7\)*A(?I;9+T
9AU(@,


MO
)M6[@B!JA-\=IFOL9644]C1!V-A /


BP<&X&_B9\2ZS4+008VUH_FDEU2<$I$'%'GS;$KZ!M/A^=X9SI]D








MJ;Z )57BN@S9;#/LK

MER'TR()H

Q
MC$;GO
.#2#1Z&J2LQS9?M+Z 2OG;'XZ#X)HE)05P+H&$0:2(#U)A1XJD9M
M/Q*7OC%YZ#J(MKN]-/0M!PY]D\%W+

JO9:K$S


J





7=P
MU+O(?9B6JZQ!/8_J*E:T*BIHM MU=1B%








M9M#S01

+Q[(UL/&
#3/H?RRV]'W?BP*-K_C2:ERT6T1$
MM(BUW'7Q


M:J/%9$Q.-72Z:0QC*!5--2+J;;S=/!3W^U#X?9^!M08]UZXH3/J!U#MQ!$KK

\(CSTUTEGKAJ';*:PV-9S!UR8B
M1CRTAS#^U#G(TI( SG
\7 EL^%I/R5'D\I*G-#-#C6=^?/A0& !YS8E



!PP*#&FGCM:9\&-;:RP1G4V(
5W?[FGY&A


V Q^VR:K=N&8KP.^2IG;CAG\
MMA**9O#;#'Z;

M2X\:*ST


$+0I).Q



MX2XDS)FM3^]CLSA?1!BC^






93K[XH3#EDK9W:T'[8U#A'0@07G
MC3@Z8+9JS-ND#
G[I P)XU$X]!4TYS .7:!$E!A'RAYR?4+VH/B(P3HG5%PM




V


C77W54YF)7152^ T?R
MLX -M?/10]@1LM2W2H*?SEW\L32!X&+.BG-M5U70UHII^X_.:?C/.]J]DR\:

1!*6=JPO*0?E4+
M38G/!M[ZGI.+:JMSU=F,[NECMT^P$[L.;VY_A?5^R\][5I7UIQ=6-;'1M14



MC[%]@K\J








[EO6V=KG:&KJNJZ/J(=85%
M$'Z#)S\


_0!!^$
M5/.A;.I;<JG_98DO+R6M'IE%X.G9*NR*F7B9;_FP T9Z2(;W'_7JYPC@5

9Y3?3C%!@^W1G7@1

 \&@F@+
MDN@V+W(:B.*;4^*3LX5UTABRY*X;)[78E+L$[]F&ZOG[\V[)G-@$QT \5@\
M/L*:]9$2*OA;2I(C$


MV:9$VF]J



M;#U

U$C_


M/#&0&W#.FJNV7YZ$[0XF%^MW


I+73UPYMU0
.+B-PB#D
%9\F7H+GGEE<R:W<K+WPI=Y$)42?#DDGOP&#^+B

M\Q?JS;8;7PV$Q




D+ZZ?&HM243?D.2
M.&




'?$0C\BY&^ZRFZ+^\M/D+M5.%E5




NOGOOW_

:.XHM2?.+OIB20O#$-Z*H'-N#$JK=)



U4B5I&ZZ;!6NHF'.ZQ5TKJV;3\B


9'/HSJ+_HB'_MCVML_



0R'F=ID%_@R$#_E8_O^[B277W3N6<LZR5T%-/Z
MG%<J_5C5Z
WDC\MR=?G+&2%.2Q^&S\?#9E2
[UL
?-A;_.AUVO7=D(8T6]5

O;G

M2X\]$\H[A(9E'_@C*0G ZH+\2B8T4


M47H94]B:S^=?W22]RFC7C=9;+^4U$62=$[^[#:U$6NZ






-;XQ0'

Y&@E'@L$

M



M7@/64UL VT%5 SV[8%083R DB$GY$^Z&$UCRA6AH+QAM0A3@7X+^&8.W+(
A

0D#^@301.W




  #TB   $0   &QW87DM
C Q-C$R



Z1A *2MG6_O@N0










/L#@FIF+%07NS!@EH
-Z8'#/5]#N
*9I&D1)8M%@X

MVSDYH\'\TN7/@4E%5H4S\*8^ ](D43;;B/M[&CB ZUVN1WIQ8%;@F+^5:UP(


M]U&/Y*RI5'+!7AOQCS




)G8(@MIC(0Y:VW$O5Y*;Y
T8+UT
MX

3&6\4\C[A(-G#DCCFW(7-Q(*WDKYV[S#*VHP[DP

ME8(X.T:R9#4[F67B*M
[;JJ6?I@ SH61


T
ZZ<<4BKMAQHN.Z* 3H;BC\VU7[4ZO
ME
2Y
0)UC)O8-O%2XSM^*I=$J 3*QT&-\P.[5=&:HP1Z*-PNY
L:H?B:J=?Q
?.B-3K<]?NL9<[&I+;PWMR


M*473;66F#/@YFS(AF V%Q0V7&I(X.^8I!V3$:..RIMU;+0;N
N%G\9DO4WY0
M\9[YX 7TRIYGTC&XQE6]




5.K(']U



M@C%


(R6^_#^)FG&\*EH5A5LW5_Y9=[(U<^:')I
M7.$KZK;N\SU?4C=<)L_1ED+,ZKJM^WS.K4@]MYW\7RZ08 R&RRM_O&F:OL=



4[!17C(J.;?_CP88]_6SPJ//ER3X+B'8=[



MUU'@NSYN-UTG+H

M_JUX?!!1+J

M'-4Q*,)7?)Z1Q %R&4(M5JNC6[S&'8#&*43 +VZCO6YPZD1IW7*.D03%P]

D23#XXAS$2)YB
6J+!DRB83&J*L1
JF'Q@!D
G
M5]!FH2 8+]&08@'3/I H8)/'H1A05C':/Q&4Z0'\2SHO?[%N-E&ESX
M3T.%:




M&.EJS2IKZ

MU#R!#YK?AW



Y98?*_CIQJ7% E2X]F$VA!FU!Z6H-6D/JSFD*



15[U/7=F3D%5


;




CQ/[

OT5-XB(*']@JJ*RX7H*#

.ATY+Z]K#

: 'K
M7.X6!T&IG:;]-YXSW?*AN

&


?B!3J




-V0;L=RZ&;:[
7
M$3F+TOMDF09% JK&3T\%G&;9WRX\(9:R#EY9S.EZKQ&




.W:V#+?LCFO-^]\
M

MP
#NT&I$QVATML5^BPBPDR3U1-_QHAD1R\RCX[/P\\H_ $,(YT86EI
%PP


M_&H)NS!+36'I(*LCO

M9O?*&H6:R$+ FK.(57)PY$4=@\N

ML/G)*1AEQQV4K$93@-6%E(
[^OH'@E9RT84P-J=QC#-PR(8#379R%F.)?(/Y

MVYB'9(#4O&
Q1:&D$L[*IGQ'E'%9E*J4T8(K++4=!*9-^FF3EPAMM8SU8D$
MS5-/G:!8*UGK1









;NUM
MU&UT!KL@C6A5\^=#^TOJ







MFG%]#U:F
&.#J4Q6B984SW1@Y7IDQDG<0/1








1$0WMNKAJN/&=D/UCCI)_\&U!+ P04     !LJ8=*Q7A2
ML5L?  6) ( %0   &QW87DM
C Q-C$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U=67/C.))^WXC]
M#UQ/;
Q

X!G0=OQ)M_V?CSM

M?S/NS1GX:GP''D!F -'?C-]







M:%DPQ).@-WF$KF

/!]@:F4UKXF
 O@!Y'N\'$4





M9UQXS%ZU !L%YLD-C;H@N4S,K& +(A[LCQ^C5H.=1K04BQ)


$*LPA097XTL0F([K




9?BEJ^XC1D@28VB 7Q'N*/
MZ*'GP
-&]U;0.90D

FJXUZ5#@N\B:P4?UGC+!!*9G*:($U2DD\C?%-
 EGA


G

B8


MCJ

9 ] R*L





1
9!35QK%+Y-E
MA;


M?;47GR +--F=:BN[*
EN.]%%75LMN34'-

BRFK$







D.D6P04;:JU4L
%%:^286;\
M)?TD\0C(-N5\<SP65LB*/,:TY7'(J0<XZ6PG);9HDU IA4(SJ$MK*AYT[09
MG.65@W




AXY*KM#'R]./-;([@








8XY20U'

M&W/MSE;JO(+F$&$KX!QZ-F]**39MW(5:93:AP*W=1UI3

MD#-Q/-

M



1:!Z^B.ZJB3Z


Z^QB_;#72=^:_!CRNDW[[JK=

4/UB+3RPNC3MHFG!#_5B;$#

M2/H;*8$&0B#W





SG0
.MK!1&M


V]=.^7


\ZS')U[? ]F.B\*MC5]Z1H9T=/HZ
M1SSKDED]P'#)$^0Y9/C

M?.\?DE/^A(P1$#I9




BO%DBY24XR\DB_;[/8.0
2(Z







J/[5&]XL.#Y@



M+Y6-[2$@LB)EEZ 7(-

.'54P)E1]/=507V-/Z ,IA1

 6ZK7:L:)JNL[XY&ZP5P[GN]8



M96]WV=L?


HYTVVN+

MV\-
1:KG)'



R[O-+E]:6FR7YS&


MJDUX3-30'P*7\/$



M]3\JE?\E&5]@GP

MFQ.'I_U'!.W0OR!9U^$?@!G /G)69H5YMRYG./N9SCGI%2^\5(Z1FF9QLK









2<UP'@WGI0U511;
M%WLO(!][W9

MMQKC;_X?4$L#!!0    ( &RIATK

#$V
M
3(S

3G='2'UN/6-WVYZ)TJVML(Y*


MI%_]UW_^S_^!V/_]_G\='Z

 WRE/X.




//_SP3OQ:D4J4KP\TKK[QZ5VE3BV9_4H

0_] /_$
=!%OU+



U\3
S.J?E\L539\Q

C&(3Z:-O':

M1-A6:]


&8:%LOEB0$+OA2T
[
M)K*

U399]H3
BH%6QCI4L!!B1*M?KH






MLZQ



()248



<5O9JM*44F@H$$@V;R1%*2(D&[[_Z_PEG&-Z<?/GY.D_S)@  =Y7BA
M*J.J39Q*208#!T;=Y+/X+L!Q\^HH)^WV@HOC*G/U',$&C8:FH(1\.4=$:



X[BD8
C5#.!

Y%03=N=06-FMV*

+_L6&.KX&S&\\JLID[]#

MB%$H)9U\L_\2]7;WFTXU7R;D89VQ'_Y=?ZRA(!KM8$.K8'VT(5%
WLU&M?H=
MS0E028PN66



;W-I#0)J*HL&W

MA8!-U715A.




OFX;R@XX%?;';
M/ZKV_K \6/E6Q@T/:M_3(



! VU9AILE,1(4-&
M/@4Z*C_&;Q\IS.K^/!865$I5$&C_!J+G%0II)PM.
V4OWV!*4C;716=LV6NP


M[*F0P((*J]-&$/08HJV@F]2W

_?

0DOXC3HGPMI:



MC;HR/GJ$P&BUDYW(A$('ABHX45E9DG$_X=?0WL.8J9A-LM/ THW;*,GO)J

$'^S




M%^L8!14+7X)%)&O]5\TAW-F_?CCZC_?OQ0_LG[_E_\S1&?L.O[R#/GTX0AQ9


US_CZ*4VC%Q+'EI
E/Q'CSG7^QG6G0'=^
M


M 89CO%!95X\HS=BS
8WZ


MPT1P=


4A&#158XO1U#@PH++4.R,WF=@@G0(]405L
M6E30\*KI@,*O.P#9X\SM:MQ\S$3.Q=K3,#9M733$LMEJ_2Y)%?'VFOXW0F

WZSC4'4\
V42*FT0A--J:2
M!]JC$8[Z'E!Z9LL


M-Y5_A[Y_?_3^_7N4%57M@G7^E%+R#QS]#GWXS=''WWQ?_4)X75_^U_\X^O#O
MWXNL3?;/CQ]JUK0IB





K@

MVC
8=T'


PI

+=ZCSA!TA\66=[Y-?(




A'1

%$2@G$I)NWZB!&_U15]T*HH


8%8
35SDVDC986RL_NNGWXJ4
MFW_]]!Y8=5V3MYH]!R3FQ0TO4LISD%I-%OUM7=A8'!O=U@EPH3A-:G[G13VW



MV:YQ


'](

T*G]
MU?G]1I*V?1)JW*Y9B4TJ@SK-+9$DH[+2_1O\2!)^&(I.@I@_EGB$[N ]$]5Y
MH[[03V._DG)

MHZU
28!&=1B\D?RI^.'[@DL4BH1)]Y+!_
MF'PDB&^BX%@% 1@'#@8ZC 
#%*@CP*[ZOL8!*#!7SH&_N-\)5+NSU\Q#4FF


%#?P*\Y47.
Y+C.TR?28B+)KS%
P#S0_37#&<9X8

29M;9WR)@X$ 0X6@Y:V+H$57BS3


DG6E4%Y9?Z5@A[
#.N@I#XGBZUN.1
27.BO%1^0


MLS#D$1X=%

/P)Y3YQX[8;(W?Z8DQV?I

AH59
__[[A_-^B_E8&VH/STLJK
MCO^4)_:6<*./@&D7T#;#S*MH'3<8Y^*ML@382L*W*IE\%S85E0]RW .):(N
MFUNMXVYQB

H,)MGPIV ]!3JU9;W

0@5_O?2^(L$#B5WR-GR% -E
&0QT

=CC.P@8JG56()$3UO
]




+TG+7.<XJ9M+5
MA:.1QA6'10;X58B;_JJLB.JB)Z^2J



@ 

4
W7-XZ2CR(Y:V?+=;EK6H%



=2MN)=!

E9=P=<NUUYWL_@Q![Z1KRZZF=&[L&AF N/9



M:DHPZ#*J)[_L_)!#WC1WC;$Y0BWU=$ R.C(-*5 HV1R1N(&*;B#=*.5WK4D=






M;&#AY[[;+CG9S'M#TV@=5J'Q=9:S73@%LESE64/YQN+6^D1C8DRM8!M.70HP
MR%&JU0=)003/1_%)^2F-(X;30D5^'.GAJ=SY1_57OF9UO)8K



M?(O#]#$A'*VBY
G&[KJL?.



S@-2\







MOQ#WGK#HR-K34NXN?
+1.L;\P:$B4M2.



JA?R=_.)*8;$



M%\FG#L!HKS-(3XOGX;QWVV;VJ;;7+D;I]M

M]5;9Y#EAONO2F




M




/TKHJ$?HIDY^;)4;


9V@H@

JJGKWTK#EH W?YM%30LDVMT]BH(
M)RI%V5-44WVRI((#&)UJIAJ3&-3]@%F2DXC$:YXWTES]/7\-XW6$HPO67WQ_




MAXSIEOX*5/]PJ*B^8.VZLT8JA
'&=-O@[2#-)1TPHEOJRX#^^/ZM[(@^P0@(

3P
]!GG3VG4J@([I^21)$'
?]18[L WIN=P-J.--2L3M.VW



V4-4KL/U%9Q:D%V

MXY[\VQ3OGO;KJ

YN@Y?/?%=.@M@/:P;&2?!F-42).2T7

M
%4HI09$DN8X0ZM@8WN68H\M?

!
MD\T9 Z+&=!/#F([3KG@;5GIJ


Q+;7
Y_KF?(6

G@9<
12
#HSE

M72H37&A9L*&8BT+EEN@(P0E&.1I[F=R_I'SSIHN]#I #$
RRF0/PW @Y-$A+



<#F9HX<F9&:
!STK8//\$DZB=P
M6


+S-2)_!FY1KWUI63=U[

M4S5-U%DDM8KV^#6T7@J P6


M6@( =)M

M3Y^84?@R.4_8V




VT8@

[:<6
#WH38;9X:WB!@YD@\KNT59XL*W2&)F5LRS#
M.7]
FNU^RBS:TSC(
K(@81%3
/00.E:



!)!&ZMT+HN'BQ)4MS;P$D0\X7V+(FJ1X-%I %'FD;REC))908_$S5W


M=+H8T 6CB0

M9NF&VB

MP3&=+SW
Y2[ J-O^C'1:\$*


M9&GZ]!N/&#F8WA_?%0L*IYZ*\0/*D-\A-*W%&C*O.(!^_ +N]0 E&_8?=-Z
M^8?=??YPIOB=VSS8.3B$Q@[(U1-





6I)D)!376/:_ ^U_[Y#V
M*M9FVU/ HOLQ6$-\CQ9*-^T?'ZE(=D:D(B\N42DC$(!&ZA:KL9;GZ[;1ASTM
M_TP?G'ZJWV7#[7+#H/\:K-&Z3Q




MJ*#7IP]B6 ]HS)V
:(_OOJF[Y?YV2S&UNR]?OY%;X[I&DMN&O[-W_Q0DHQ0N


V;E9&.Z__FW
:;5C3K.


=U
MB&WBQ;^#?F]CEAK8+5/L0*W*_1/


AW
MH&]@



.HL4@1WF*DC0Y
M+CZ&

X*V-

$





$5'W.*0K+2-W_D55H.K5)-NQ18T4[3K7?B$
MHW6




ME(H]7?X4)BO%$DU@!]


1

MW2*=V@N=E7$=-IFVM+IFC/INL/'\\@E


5'3=G9_VO-)F0I00QN4

M-
DBDLIL2YTN\97F



MY+ELI.H@2KWJUI(# H6+EO)JO

MTLX6VKF;\A( 0PE7!Y_AXG\ODRK$VG(W&M]L9P0TH/ST5?A+P86^J?B_121!


MJNZLZ#



M4XB2


MX@4;\_8]+:?NUG)#[FB[TBY=7$DY0D+.49W;(D3!FJ@+9[/+B=I1(B 8[
@0

'7G!7AP7
M3-1W3*%2O_GB.F43C&$SK*











M.8)Y


M A
XNS;.B*TJ'
C_7?]0?I#/]
4GBXUD^=$C5']69-Y4'ZYO-4R/0LO]!34E




C Q-C$R

M6W/C.)+N^XG8_\#3&R=V-V+L*MM5U5V]


M_/XGB_@.G;C^[\_?7TZ.G^ZO+GYR0IVY_8'O7)7W[RZ4__]7__Y7]9_/_^

MF?_\_H/X?S\_G[[_]?3LU[/W_P_XJ= .HV#SJ???WZ?_EW3_L^?ZWWX5_^_%
M#HC%@?&#7[\'[E]^RC#X=G9


[)61Z5]^\GB_(Z$
)Z?)%_\5



M[!B!#3AI9TZVNWX9GHD[.C8'. JMI:%-VZ&1J9Q?SRB3V)G$1#HB#DZ##U

?$=MS_R3
M6QH G&H:)'H:




T7H!B2/J5=
# .HHY J*T
M P;@[@P],KW[H'S58/$KH8
%WD#6GW$GQ=))#GY)'ST.D1ZC4[KREV7CFSP







VD]]+E&4(1[.X-W@' %USBFJ H)71!Z/EF##@S[





9&X


O=RE^C/XI7KK


MOHD$D*I)U'X2ME


MTQM67-SQF6NSYP8/T\37$S]X5_( 59_ /LA.8%O2%IU:1F+\V_ER*=_,'@@
M2P:P&2WD0F%-!Y.VH.V).])+XD=$7(:0W]J;FW:_E
 433Y)!QC608#;LK&
M8WOB\?FLLH5X9)UW/39K(5'8@'[D^R+SK)EL@U5TZ:C'L9=2!E+F09 $.=



M+]RE!TPMLT/?KC:

U_8+DMR
M

MF^O;;'7##?GXIC?OR?GR8CDE-J$J7-W31XT7I-


QX43I-3T05DT.?5^NKDX^$Q?E@%W;@

MDF_0

BH5LTF3C/':=GI(-A(2:GQ37=3('M8F9+Q



\1]D;GQ@ X?.4Q F2 % R;9$!DU.K
M.@0RP\]F


H6WA&17B-U;A6;FC[!-(&CEF



MPN;
@X1-H%&T;HS&*%+A*6&U[37\1TR0[NH1



MC70B:)V@K.,E/%S-U
:/PP9VXE/=
:5WNLLR_%=6E

*@F;9WFDH
1Q&4;_V:&]5H)M+?3#F


)##O4


)RMTYB?2EQR.5:
\

M#=3J+
AH^
5*EEE$6=C*RU-C2CUQOB=$]*42.I/=:+C)G5;


MNY17@

6(9G(#'^M^/*

+CQ+VS_&U 9M @:?RV\%Y5H(%

QU



M.].A;B0\=$M#B$ \Y

1)9KU5Z5* ZU'_5)KAUT41.
M^ZD;YWS:
+;BLT%1

=J$
&N6_SOHOC=ZQ.NQ7
M];ZG:+'P8C'9WEI






S


5T[%L?V)M

MRUJZVJ


MHUI\T:*=Z


;+Z&.65K7WNB+(2]Z.UMM






2?E^]F00G







M\X&*&J%Q@! 

@PRZO-_.DEJ83)N



MJ^IU85@_?[C75D5G)IZ[LAB?T


MY&M38EG.]Z8^9?;\D8[P

M
G4;;

._%KD5PO5T2IS079*-!
9V2-J&YII0-;T/M%&E
MYE+$9NE?I?K

H+HDG0=/Y%&RUH)#MLB!B7'=CC]B1M*%
!A3
MS^
UE3QELW,TCTD62UO#%/S4-1;
MLBG' [PHXA_#^;!(JA4*\],-5_J;<W/:IKWN?90#[T[FV R[+3^I*,Z%*9+E
M1RR.7A!$


M-


.;


DUNSRB6%Q&7@#Z
M_


AJ
J;]6[6'3:C5

K5\=8-/

M@
BK^





M$K?-?DY\0OZ99HFG^#1
+[/9%58U?T

M[NC24W

_T;K
_US_)
MCQE=VH_B/$AEP^\W/]



MX/G5]D].DYQNZ6)1U]CXC45)^679N'M=A)-//; OC/ YQ:2K6D+E:N)2N*2
M86-:A.O]L)=45,
:%1PQC[2P(V=;:G29&\\ +R9O7UP* &NGB4^=+7*
O?


;\F\AK$ZCVN#

WAGI-
MQG0JU[ +F0NH$![^V[)PS3#L&2MJNM@VCYOA:!#$

Q1Y\M

M.'0NLTD^%6V23\?6FHC%J5@;
BC
D_70'CWQP&6&2;61 NB*(5ETD.F[8%@.
MF;O(4C@0O[-1JU07JV?^;7E#:CS@' \8/C/8W:H8J!JM[0 '7&@9N&?D+!













%?!YCDNO1
&^T]JTQ6:/NE-!W[.'JS^QH#C-JT




M:3^-T
#C1!#/++III5Y_DKQ[

B8OJN3 #=+0H.N[\VC^F/HOKR)U
M$HTN'=

KT%KI#]



M?85:1(9W#&H@(]3@/C*7QA'K-C.XFLCPCDD-9(0:W
M7VY^1&__:YSR32=--
MO([
\

F.E7B0;?:9,ZWNH=_!.';
M'KK$$C'QWSSOOZO/B
.G?GN'S'+)9

ME1FI[3 X[[U*;9ONL/PD[]+)4VBST/PN6\
DEQ:+JT1Q\R/RA-]AQ 4:)YH\

S

MOY2FY


CC@


XR



GBP#(^QEV^(-?TH;Q;]ZM

M9


D&63
3Y!9?H/K
JL9
YJZO'&QP#U
%WFA0^C;SVL^)3ILD4[T\):



M3)?YZ4Z?NX=F(&NKBO$U;Z;54G





M3'X43;2_F];$]0B

$
MZ! !.D2 #A$@Y+(_1( .$:#]C0-5_Z76&JQ7;+5]\- VZ=J*)!BF[&/:.[

M94&%KX0]O]K^KBJQ:8]@_[W[#4$9^$JJY/HWOIV0B4E5+(Y@_QW\#4'9=U5



]#EL]YM@I^+B#FO








/L6U%!H.Z*_(E/




TO9E*]Q;RTY+K+G5WQ.@?Q(_G


MF^JFJ*KG@!!2

M31_BH5HH

R+)NI+W
@T0V
4#81Y!'H3(
MO=F6Q%@P.F/V//&E*/PT'TM^F@_'5DS/VA)\3 BNW3
XO#-)V4BU3Z;8#H
7


MXY5'J[)XX120(*?6R *
3.@&J0[ZDB^FHOJZ%K!3



M2P$% ,4     !LJ8=*[/=TC3&U   D;PH $0              @ $

#$V
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !LJ8=*6'3LJ_H
  #TB

#$V
3(S

#$V
M
3(S

38Q
M
C


#$V
3(S

*B@$  -.$ 0    $!
end



