

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-18-000821
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFEWAY FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				363442829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17363
		FILM NUMBER:		18725371
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-967-1010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053









     









Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) 



 2017



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
(Name of registrant as specified
in its charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    


6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois
60053
(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)


(Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:



    
    

    
    

Common Stock
 No Par Value
    


Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
No 


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
No 


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;
No 


delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 


and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of June
30
 2017 ($9.34 per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market) was $43
423
070.


 2018
 15
877
122 shares
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 no par value
 were outstanding.


Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 14
 2018
 are incorporated by reference into Part III.







    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    





the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 readers are advised that this
document
 any document incorporated by reference herein
 and other documents we file with the SEC
 contain forward looking statements.
In addition
 we
 or others on our behalf
 may make forward looking statements in press releases or written statements
 or in our
communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings
 webcasts
 phone calls
and conference calls. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements. These statements use words
 variations of words
 and
negatives of words such as &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;extend
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo;
&ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;increase
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expand
&rdquo; &ldquo;future
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; and &ldquo;allow.&rdquo; Examples of forward looking statements
include
 but are not limited to
 (i) projections of revenues
 income or loss
 earnings or losses per share
 capital expenditures
dividends
 capital structure and other financial items
 (ii) statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
&ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) plans and objectives
 including the introduction of new products
or estimates or predictions of actions by customers
 suppliers
 competitors or regulatory authorities
 (iii) statements of future
economic performance
 and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about Lifeway or its business.


on management&rsquo;s beliefs
 assumptions
 estimates and observations of future events based on information available to our management
at the time the statements are made and include any statements that do not relate to any historical or current fact. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed
 implied or forecast by our forward looking statements
due in part to the risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions that include



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
disruptions to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities
 including those due to cybersecurity threats; and




    
the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1
 &ldquo;Business&rdquo;
 Item 1A &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and Item 7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and that are described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.



not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of
our forward looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results.
We intend these forward looking statements to speak only at the date made. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic
reports required to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) pursuant to the
SEC&rsquo;s rules
 we have no duty to update these statements
 and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.





    
    









and Ludmila Smolyansky shortly after their emigration from Russia to the United States. Mr. and Mrs. Smolyansky were the first
to successfully introduce kefir to the U.S. consumer on a commercial scale
 initially catering to ethnic consumers in the Chicago
Illinois metropolitan area. In the over thirty years that have followed
 Lifeway has grown to become the largest producer and marketer
of kefir in the U.S. and an important player in the broader market spaces of probiotic-based products and natural
 &ldquo;better
for you&rdquo; foods.




a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is a tart and tangy cultured milk smoothie that is high in protein
 calcium and vitamin
D. Thanks to our exclusive blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 15 to 20 billion
beneficial CFU (Colony Forming Units) at the time of manufacture.


our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2017
 Lifeway
offered over 50 varieties of our kefir products including more than 20 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir products
we offer Kefir Cups
 a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
both served in resealable 5 oz. containers with mini-spoons. We also offer Lifeway Elixir
 a line of non-dairy
 sparkling organic
probiotic beverages
 as well as probiotic supplements for adults and children. In late 2017
 we also announced that we would begin
offering Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt
 and Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic beverage made from organic and non-GMO
pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable
 frozen
 and freeze dried formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which include Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in  resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.



as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
514
    
96
782
    

    
11
516
    
11
007
    

    
6
527
    
6
114
    

    
4
537
    
6
722
    

    
4
138
    
1
279
    

    
1
661
    
1
975
    

    
118
893
    
123
879
    











    
    



Product innovation and new product
development


position as the leading producer of kefir and routinely evaluates opportunities for new product flavors and formulations
 improved
package design
 new product configurations and other innovation opportunities. Beyond our core drinkable kefir products
 we have
an ongoing effort to extend the strength of the Lifeway brand and leverage the capabilities of the Lifeway organization into categories
both inside and outside of the dairy aisle
 including into non-food categories. In 2017
 we focused relatively more of our personnel
financial resources
 and management&rsquo;s attention on product innovations and growth opportunities than in prior years. As noted
above
 these product innovation and development efforts led to new sources of revenue from our cupped kefir and cupped cheese
probiotic supplements
 and non-dairy based probiotic beverage lines. New items introduced through our innovation efforts were offset
by lower volumes of our core drinkable kefir products in 2017.


of new products to be a significant part of our overall business philosophy. Where possible
 we leverage our existing staff and
facilities to conduct our innovation
 research
 and development efforts
 rather than maintaining a dedicated research and development
staff and facilities or relying solely on third parties.






 approximately 98%
of our revenue was derived from products manufactured at our own facilities. We currently operate the following manufacturing and
distribution facilities:



    
    
Morton Grove
 Illinois
 which produces drinkable kefir
 drinkable ProBugs kefir
 Kefir Cups
 and cupped cheese products;



    
    
Skokie
 Illinois
 which produces cheese products;



    
    
Waukesha
 Wisconsin
 which produces drinkable kefir products and from which we store and distribute products;



    
    
Niles
 Illinois
 which stores and serves as a distribution point for products
 including those manufactured by co-packers;



    
    
Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 which produces drinkable kefir
 cheese
 and butter products.



and all our fixed assets associated with manufacturing
 storage
 and distribution of our products are located in the United States.




manufactured in our own facilities
 independent manufacturers (&ldquo;co-packers&rdquo;) manufacture some of our products. We
have co-packer agreements to manufacture drinkable kefir in European markets
 our freeze dried ProBugs kefir products
 our
frozen kefir products
 our probiotic supplements
 and our sparkling organic probiotic beverages. During&nbsp;2017 and 2016
approximately 2% of our revenue was derived from products manufactured by co-packers. Our co-packers are audited regularly by
our staff and are required to follow our specifications and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Additionally
 the co-packers
are required to ensure our products are manufactured in accordance with our quality and safety specifications and that they
are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations.






our direct sales force
 brokers
 and distributors. Our sales organization strives to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships
with our customers that facilitate favorable shelf placement for our products
 which we believe will drive sales volumes when combined
with our marketing efforts and our brand strength. Our relationships with food brokers provide additional retail customer coverage
as a supplement to our direct sales force.





    
    


Distribution inside the United
States


through four primary &ldquo;route-to-market&rdquo; pathways:



    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    




 we sell
our products to the retailer that either the retailer&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers for
delivery to those retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. In turn
 our retailers then deliver the products to their respective
stores. Customers in this route-to-market grouping include Kroger
 Walmart and Costco. Under the retail direct model
 optimal
product merchandising
 assortments and product presentation are attended to by the retailer with limited support from Lifeway&rsquo;s
broker network. Sales to our retail-direct customers represent about 49% of our total net sales.


 we sell
our products to distributors that either the distributor&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers
for delivery to those distributors&rsquo; designated warehouses. In turn
 our distributors then sell and ship our products to their
retail customers. Our distributors often use a DSD model of their own to make deliveries directly to individual stores
 but they
also make deliveries to retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. Our distributor customers include United Natural Foods (UNFI)
 KeHE
Distributors
 and C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers. The distributor attends to optimal product merchandising
 assortments
 and product
presentations at the retail end of the channel
 with support from Lifeway&rsquo;s direct sales force and broker network. Sales
to our distributor customers represent about 45% of our total net sales.


to market
 we distribute our products directly to the retailer using a fleet of Company-owned vehicles and a team of Lifeway merchandisers
who engage face-to-face with store management to ensure optimal product assortments and presentations. We operate our DSD model
in the Chicago
 Illinois metropolitan area only. Sales to our DSD customers represent approximately 4% of our total net sales.


 Illinois metropolitan area
Lifeway operates three retail stores and a food truck under its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary. The Lifeway Kefir Shop sells its
frozen and drinkable kefir products through these retail outlets. Sales through these retail outlets represent less than 1% of
net sales.

.



are distributed within the United States; however
 certain of our distributors sell our products to retailers in Mexico
 Costa
Rica
 Dubai
 Hong Kong
 China
 portions of South America
 and the Caribbean. Additionally
 Lifeway products reach consumers in
the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 Norway
 Sweden
 and the Middle East under third party co-manufacturing agreements and in-country broker
and distributor arrangements. Sales outside the United States represents less than 1% of net sales.

Channel- and Market-Specific Distribution and Broker
Representation Arrangements



agreements with independent distributors and food brokers allow us the latitude to establish new relationships as the opportunities
and needs arise. Where appropriate given the relationship
 market
 and business opportunity
 we offer exclusive channels
 markets
and/or territories to our distributors and brokers.


with products at wholesale prices for distribution to their retail accounts. Lifeway believes that the prices at which we sell
our products to distributors are competitive with the prices generally paid by distributors for similar products in the markets
served. Due to the perishable nature of our products and the costs associated with moving product back through the channel
 we
do not offer return privileges to any of our distributors or channel customers; however
 from time to time we do provide our customers
with allowances for non-saleable product.





    
    



basis
 subject in some cases to a minimum commission guarantee. The commissions vary based on the scope of services provided and
customers served. Our brokers represent our products to a variety of prospective buyers. These buyers could be specialty stores
retail grocery chains
 wholesalers
 foodservice operators and distributors
 drug chains
 mass merchandisers
 industrial users
schools and universities
 or military installations. With support from our direct sales force
 brokers may provide other value-added
services. These may include scheduling and coordinating promotions
 merchandising
 centralized ordering
 and data collection services.





trade promotions
 and consumer promotions to market our products.

Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion
Allowances



and trade promotional programs to its retailer and distributor customers from time to time in the normal course of business. These
sales incentives and trade promotion programs typically include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances for
non-saleable product
 coupons
 and other trade promotional activities. Trade promotions support price features
 displays
 and
other merchandising of our products by our retail and distributor customers. We record these arrangements as a reduction to net
sales in our consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

Consumer Promotions and Marketing
Campaigns


of marketing and media campaigns - primarily digital and social media
 print advertising in some newspapers and magazines
 and
to a lesser extent
 targeted television advertising. We complement these marketing and media efforts by sponsoring cultural and
community events
 and various festivals
 as well as participating in industry-related trade shows and in-store promotional events.
Our consumer marketing efforts also include cooperative advertising programs with our retail customers and various couponing campaigns
online consumer relationship programs
 and other similar forms of promotions.


demand with new and existing consumers by elevating awareness and consumption of kefir and probiotics
 as well as enhancing our
brand equity. Our awareness marketing seeks to promote the verifiable nutritional profile
 purity
 benefits
 and good taste of
our kefir.




of other domestic kefir producers and consequently faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products. However
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
kefir-based products compete with other dairy products
 notably spoonable and drinkable yogurt
 and
 increasingly
 with non-dairy
probiotic products that incorporate kefir cultures but are not kefir. Many of our competitors are well-established and have significantly
greater financial resources than Lifeway to promote their products.




milk
 cane and other forms of sugar from unaffiliated suppliers. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of packaging
materials to package our products and natural gas
 fuels
 and electricity for our facilities. Purchases are made through purchase
orders or contracts
 and price
 delivery terms
 and product specifications vary. Although the prices for our principal ingredients
can fluctuate based on economic
 weather
 and other conditions
 Lifeway believes it has ready access to multiple suppliers for
all ingredient and packaging requirements.




 2017
two customers
 United Natural Foods
 Inc. (UNFI) and Trader Joes
 represented approximately 14% and 8% of our total net sales.
accounts receivable
as of December 31
 2017.






    
    





reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating
Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues
relate to the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers
through a common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.




 Danone SA
 through
subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Danone&rdquo;)
 has been the beneficial owner of approximately 22% of the outstanding common
stock of Lifeway. Lifeway and Danone are parties to a Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999
 which as amended provides
Danone the right to designate one director nominee
 provides Danone with anti-dilutive rights relating to certain future offerings
and issuances of capital stock
 and grants Danone limited registration rights.





trademarks and service marks. In addition
 we own numerous registered and unregistered copyrights
 registered domain names
 and
proprietary trade secrets
 trade dress
 technology
 know-how
 processes
 and other proprietary rights that are not registered.
Depending on the jurisdiction
 trademarks are generally valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly
maintained and they have not been found to have become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely
as long as the trademarks are in use. We also have licenses to use certain trademarks inside and outside of the United States and
to certain product formulas
 all subject to the terms of the agreements under which such licenses are granted. Lifeway&rsquo;s
policy is to pursue registration of intellectual property whenever appropriate. We protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
 trade dress
 trade secret and other intellectual property laws
 and domain name
dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements;
and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. We regard the Lifeway family of trademarks and other intellectual
property as having substantial value and as being an important factor in the marketing of our products. The loss of such protection
would have a material adverse impact on our operations and share price.




by federal
 state
 and local governmental authorities. In the United States
 agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing
 and
distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the United States Food &amp;
Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (&ldquo;EPA&rdquo;)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;)
 and their state
and local equivalents. Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for
quality
 safety
 and representation of our products to consumers. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating
to our products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
 we rely on third
parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Additionally
 our facilities are subject to various
laws and regulations regarding the release of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways.


 we are subject to the
laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food
Standards Agency in the United Kingdom; the National Service of Health
 Food Safety and Agro-Food Quality (known by its Spanish-language
acronym &ldquo;SENASICA&rdquo;) and the Federal Commission for the Protection from Sanitary Risks (&ldquo;COFEPRIS&rdquo;) in Mexico;
the Food Safety Authority in Ireland; and the European Food Safety Authority
 which supports the European Commission
 as well as
individual country
 province
 state
 and local regulations.





    
    





and organic raw milk. Raw milk primarily contains raw skim milk
 in addition to a small percentage of butterfat and other components.
The federal government establishes minimum prices for raw milk purchased in federally regulated areas. Some states have established
their own rules for determining minimum prices. The federal government announces prices for raw milk each month. While we are subject
to federal government regulations that establish minimum prices for milk
 the prices we pay producers of organic raw milk are generally
well above such minimum prices
 as organic milk production is generally costlier
 and organic milk therefore commands a price premium.
In addition to the prices for raw milk
 we also pay producer (&ldquo;over-order&rdquo;) premiums
 federal order administration
costs
 and other related charges that vary by milk product
 location
 and supplier.





ensure the safety of our products. In addition to routine inspections by state and federal regulatory agencies
 including the USDA
and FDA
 we have instituted Company-wide quality systems that address topics such as supplier control; ingredient
 packaging
 and
product specifications; preventive maintenance; pest control; and sanitation. Each of our facilities also has in place a hazard
analysis critical control points (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. To the extent that the federal Food Safety
Modernization Act applies to Lifeway&rsquo;s business
 we develop food safety plans and implement preventive measures to protect
against food contamination. We also maintain a product recall plan
 including lot identifiability and traceability measures that
allow us to act quickly to reduce the risk of consumption of any product that we suspect may pose a health issue.


including product liability coverage
 which we believe to be sufficient to cover potential product liabilities.



Food (&ldquo;SQF&rdquo;) program at all of our facilities. SQF is a fully integrated food safety and quality management protocol
designed specifically for the food sector. The SQF Code
 based on universally accepted CODEX Alimentarius
 HACCP guidelines and
the Global Food Safety Initiative (&ldquo;GFSI&rdquo;) standards
 offers a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and
quality simultaneously. Safe Quality Food or SQF certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
process or service complies with international
 regulatory and other specified standards. Our Waukesha and Morton Grove facilities
are SQF certified at the highest level of such certification.








 2017
 we employed approximately
340 employees
 approximately 126 of which were members of a union bargaining unit.




investors at www.lifewayfoods.com and it makes available
 free of charge
 through this website its annual report on Form 10-K
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the
SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC.

ITEM 1A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RISK FACTORS


our business
 you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations&rdquo; contained in Part II
 Item 7 and &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&rdquo;
contained in Part II
 Item 7A. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become important factors that adversely
affect our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
financial condition
 results of operations
 and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.






    
    


Our product categories face a high
level of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


retailer shelf space in each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and
satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. We believe that our brands have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce
products in their categories
 and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded
products
 as well as from private label competitors. Some of our competitors
 such as Danone
 General Mills
 Dean Foods
 Chobani
Hain Celestial Group
 and Nestle
 have substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and others may be able
to introduce innovative products more quickly or market their products more successfully than we can
 which could cause our growth
rate to be slower than we anticipate and could cause sales to decline.



products
 such as Millennium Products and PepsiCo
 that have lower ingredient and production-related costs. As a result
 these
competing producers may be able to offer their products to customers at a lower price point. This could cause us to lower our prices
resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
private label competitors are generally able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have
lower marketing costs than their branded counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private
label offerings
 demand for our products and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted.


 due to high levels of competition
certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our products or may become more resistant to price increases for our
products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on
our results of operations.


We may not be able to successfully implement our growth
strategy for our brands on a timely basis or at all.


in part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of leveraging our existing brands with our current and new products to
drive increased sales
 the acquisition of new brands
 and the establishment of strategic alliances including potential joint ventures.
Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners and accurately assess their value
 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;

    
    
    

    
    
    



or joint ventures that we establish will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired brands
 products
 or joint
ventures into our growth strategy. We may not be able to implement this growth strategy successfully
 and our sales and income
growth rates may not be sustainable over time. Our sales and results of operations will be negatively affected if we fail to implement
our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful.&nbsp;


 incur debt
 or issue equity
 equity-linked
or debt securities to fund our growth strategy
 any of which could adversely affect our financial results.





    
    


If we fail to anticipate and respond
to changes in consumer preferences
 demand for our products could decline.


to predict and they evolve over time. Demand for our products depends on our ability to identify and offer products that appeal
to these shifting preferences. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences include:



    
    
dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages;

    
    
    



    
    
concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals;

    
    
    



    
    
concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people;

    
    
    



    
    
decisions by yogurt and non-dairy beverage manufacturers to mislabel their products as &ldquo;kefir&rdquo; in order to benefit from our branding and marketing efforts
 a marketing ploy that can cause significant confusion and misunderstanding among consumers; and

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



our sales volumes and our business could be negatively affected.


Our continued success depends on
our ability to innovate successfully and to innovate on a cost-effective basis.


to introduce new and appealing products and to successfully innovate on our existing products. In 2017
 new items introduced through
our innovation efforts partially offset lower volumes of our core drinkable kefir products. However
 our future investments may
not result in the growth we expect
 or when we expect it
 for a variety of reasons including those described herein. Our future
product development will be reliant on our ability to identify and develop potential new growth opportunities. This process is
inherently risky and will result in investments in time and resources for which we do not achieve any return or value. Each of
our product categories is subject to rapidly changing and evolving consumer preferences that require substantial resources
 calculated
risk-taking
 and responsiveness. Successful product innovation is also affected by our ability to launch new or improved products
successfully and on a timely and cost-effective basis. Furthermore
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial
expenditures
 which we may not be able to finance or which we may be unable to recover. If we do not deliver innovative products
in a cost-effective and timely manner that are attractive to consumers; if we are otherwise unsuccessful entering and competing
in growth categories; if the growth categories in which we invest our limited resources do not emerge as viable opportunities or
do not produce the growth or profitability we expect
 or when we expect it; or if we do not correctly anticipate changes and evolutions
in consumer preferences
 our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The consolidation of our customers
or the loss of any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


 such as supermarkets and food
distributors
 continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased
negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs
 as well as operate
with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
 all
of which could negatively impact our business. The consolidation of retail customers also increases the risk that a significant
adverse impact on their business could have a corresponding material adverse impact on our business.



for 22% of our net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017. Where we enter into written agreements with our customers
they are generally terminable after short notice periods by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts
based on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we
lose. The loss of any large customer
 the reduction of purchasing levels
 or the cancellation of any business from a large customer
for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.





    
    



independent distributors to customers. Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale. The loss of
 or business
disruption at
 one or more of these distributors may harm our business. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative
distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on satisfactory terms
or in a timely manner. Our inability to enter into satisfactory distribution agreements may inhibit our ability to implement our
business plan or to establish markets necessary to expand the distribution of our products successfully.

We are subject to the risk of product
contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial
costs.


involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties
 inadvertent mislabeling
product contamination or spoilage including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced
during the storage
 processing
 handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or production
processes violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our
products cause injury
 illness
 or death.


 we may be
required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products
 or cease operations
 which may lead to a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition
 customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if
a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 and even if we and each of our co-packers and suppliers comply
in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such
matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion
that our products caused illness or physical harm
 including the risk of reputational harm being magnified and/or distorted through
the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet
 including through news articles
 blogs
 chat rooms
 and social media
could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we
may have against others. We maintain product liability insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate. However
 we cannot
be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage.
A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated
financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.

We rely on independent certification for a number of our
products and facilities.


 such
as certifications of our products as &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;gluten-free
&rdquo; to differentiate our products from others.
The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as a probiotic-based products and natural
&ldquo;better for you&rdquo; foods company
 which could harm our business. We rely on independent SQF certification at some of
our facilities
 a certification that some of our customers require us to maintain.



independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. For example
 we can lose our
&ldquo;organic&rdquo; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly
cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all organic raw materials must be certified organic. Our products could lose their
organic certifications if our raw material suppliers lose their organic certifications. Similarly
 we could lose our SQF certification
if we do not meet the requirements of the SQF Code. The loss of these certifications could cause us to lose customers that require
Lifeway products and/or facilities to carry some or all of them
 which could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.

Increases in the cost of raw milk
could reduce our gross margin and profit.


 our
primary raw material
 is an agricultural commodity that is subject to price fluctuations. Although both conventional and organic
milk prices in fiscal 2017 were relatively low compared to historical levels
 there can be no assurance that such prices will remain
at these levels in the future. The supply and price of raw milk may be impacted by
 among other things
 weather
 natural disasters
real or perceived supply shortages
 lower dairy and crop yields
 general increases in farm inputs and costs of production
 political
and economic conditions
 labor actions
 government actions
 and trade barriers. Increases in the market price for raw milk or over-order
premiums charged by producers may also impact our ability to enter into purchase commitments at a fixed price. There can be no
assurance that our purchasing practices will mitigate future price risk. As a result
 increases in the cost of raw milk could have
an adverse impact on our profitability.





    
    



 the dairy industry continues
to experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic
farming compared to costs of conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of
organic raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause higher input costs
and reduce our ability to deliver product to our customers. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits
to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of
these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any
increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected.

Reduced availability of raw materials
and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for them
 could adversely affect us.


and other inputs in addition to conventional and organic raw milk
 such as sweeteners
 diesel fuel
 packaging material
 resin
and other commodities. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued
supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. In addition
 some of our raw materials are also
agricultural products
 and therefore subject to the same vulnerabilities described above for raw milk. Other events that adversely
affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and
other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&rsquo;
businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
 and reputation.


of our products are less plentiful and available from a fewer number of suppliers than their conventional counterparts. Competition
with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic
products increases.

Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability
to manufacture or distribute products
 could adversely affect our business and sales
 and/or could increase our operating costs
and capital expenditures.


suppliers and co-packers that require them to provide us with specific finished goods
 including packaging
 kefir
 probiotic supplements
and probiotic beverages. For some of these products
 we essentially rely on a single supplier or co-packer as our sole source for
the item. The failure for any reason of any such sole source or other co-packer to fulfill its obligations under the applicable
agreements with us or the termination or renegotiation of any such sourcing agreement could result in disruptions to our supply
of finished goods and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 our suppliers and co-packers are subject
to risk
 including labor disputes
 union organizing activities
 financial liquidity
 inclement weather
 natural disasters
 supply
constraints
 and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable
products
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods
 or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial
accommodations to the supplier or co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing
new arrangements with other providers. A new arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as our existing arrangements
if at all.


capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our
business or implement our strategic growth plan
 and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations.


Disruption of our manufacturing or
distribution chains or information technology systems
 including disruption due to cybersecurity threats
 could adversely affect
our business.


 in
part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing
needs. Our ongoing initiatives to expand our production platform and our productive capacity could fail to achieve such objectives
and in any case could increase our operating costs beyond our expectations and could require significant additional capital expenditures.
If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing
 and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution
 and warehousing costs may increase
 which could
negatively affect our business.





    
    



 damage or disruption to our
manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism
 cybersecurity
threats and other security breaches
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key distributors
 warehousing
and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products.


and distribution facilities. A disruption in operations at any of these facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain
relating to common carriers
 supply of raw materials and finished goods
 or otherwise
 whether as a result of casualty
 natural
disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications failure
 cybersecurity threat
 terrorism
 labor shortages
 contractual disputes or other
causes
 could significantly impair our ability to operate our business and adversely affect our relationship with our customers.
Furthermore
 our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all related costs.


also critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. These
systems include
 without limitation
 networks
 applications
 and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business.
A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction
errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and sales losses
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems
may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
and cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity threats in particular are persistent
 evolve quickly and include
 without limitation
computer viruses
 unauthorized attempts to access information
 denial of service attacks
 and other electronic security breaches.
Like our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business generally
 we expect that we will
continue to be the subject of cybersecurity threats. In some cases we must rely on the safeguards put in place by the third parties
with whom we do business to protect against security threats. We believe we have implemented appropriate measures and controls
and have invested in sufficient resources to appropriately identify and monitor these threats and mitigate potential risks
 including
risks involving our customers and suppliers. However
 there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent
cybersecurity breaches
 disruptions to mission critical systems
 the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption
of data
 or harm to facilities or personnel.


our operations
 or the operations of our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties; could require significant
management attention and resources; could result in the loss of business
 regulatory actions and potential liability; and could
negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public. Any of these outcomes could have a negative impact on our
financial condition
 results of operations
 or liquidity.

Our debt and financial obligations
could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to operate our business.


 2017
 we had outstanding
borrowings of approximately $6.3 million
 substantially all of which consists of term loan borrowings. We also had additional borrowing
capacity of approximately $5 million under our line of credit
 of which none was outstanding as of December 31
 2017.

that among other things:



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    



arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy.






    
    



will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of
our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of
these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all.


If market interest rates increase
 it will increase our debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow.


our ability to:



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    



our business could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition
opportunities
 and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events beyond our control could affect our
ability to comply with these covenants. Unless cured or waived
 a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the
debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

We may need additional financing
in the future
 and we may not be able to obtain that financing.


 we may need additional
financing to support our business and pursue our growth strategy
 including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional
financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
 the condition of the capital markets
and other factors. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required
 or at all.
If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities
 those securities may have rights
preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and equity-linked securities
 our existing
stockholders may experience dilution.

We are subject to risks associated with our international
sales and operations
 including foreign currency risks and risks from our expansion into countries in which we have no prior operating
experience.


footprint in order to enter into new markets. This may involve expanding into countries other than those in which we currently
operate. It may involve expanding into less developed countries
 which may have less political
 social
 or economic stability
and less developed infrastructure and legal systems. It is costly to establish
 develop and maintain international operations and
develop and promote our brands in international markets. As we expand our business into new countries we may encounter regulatory
personnel
 technological
 and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries.
This may have a material adverse effect on our business.


as we expand outside of the United States may include
 among other things:



    
    
legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions that differ from those in the United States and change from time to time
 such as tax
 labor
 and trade laws
 as well as laws that affect our ability to manufacture
 market
 or sell our products;



    
    
    



    
    
political and economic instability
 such as the United Kingdom&rsquo;s prospective withdrawal from the European Union;



    
    
    



    
    
    






    
    



occur
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Loss of our key management or other
personnel
 or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
 could negatively impact our business.


 working relationships
and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Employee strikes and other labor-related
disruptions may adversely affect our operations.


terms and conditions of employment for a significant portion of our workforce. Although we believe union relations since the union&rsquo;s
certification as the exclusive bargaining representative of this portion of our workforce have been amicable
 there is no assurance
that this will continue in the future or that we will not be subject to future union organizing activity. There are potential adverse
effects of labor disputes with our own employees or by others who provide warehousing
 transportation
 and distribution
 both domestic
and foreign
 of our raw materials or other products. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we
are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our
business
 financial condition
 or results of operations. The terms and conditions of existing
 renegotiated
 or new collective
bargaining agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes
to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any
inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.


particularly our trademarks
 but also our copyrights
 registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 technology
 know-how
processes and other proprietary rights to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
 trade dress
 trade secret
 and other intellectual property
laws
 and domain name dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
and assignment agreements; and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain
adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the
current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.


have infringed third parties&rsquo; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those
without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate
the challenged intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 divert management&rsquo;s attention
and resources
 or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party&rsquo;s intellectual
property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly
license or royalty agreements
 or stop the sale of certain products
 any of which could have a negative effect on our results of
operations.

Litigation or legal proceedings could
expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation.


and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. These claims and legal proceedings may include lawsuits or claims
relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment
matters
 environmental matters
 regulatory compliance
 or other aspects of our business. Even when not merited
 the defense of
these claims and legal proceedings may divert our management&rsquo;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending
these claims and proceedings. In addition
 we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions
or other equitable remedies
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows
 or results of operations.
The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict
 and the outcome of pending or future claims and legal proceedings may
have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows
 or results of operations. We evaluate these claims and legal
proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based
on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate.
These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount
of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. If actual outcomes
or losses differ materially from our current assessments and estimates or additional claims or legal proceedings are initiated
we could be exposed to significant liabilities.





    
    


Our business is subject to various
environmental and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs or subject us to liabilities.


numerous requirements in the United States relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters
 including
the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
and the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes and regulations
in the United States and in each of the foreign countries in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern
 among other
things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal
of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment.


 including
fines
 penalties
 and other sanctions
 cleanup costs
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result
of the failure to comply with
 or liabilities under
 environmental
 health
 and safety requirements. New legislation
 as well as
current federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters
 could require us to replace equipment
install additional pollution controls
 purchase various emission allowances
 or curtail operations. These costs could negatively
affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Violations of laws or regulations
related to the food industry
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations related to the food
industry
 could adversely affect our business.


is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related
to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well
as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to
extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among other federal and state authorities
 the FDA
 USDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
(&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 and the U.S. Departments of Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities in the foreign countries
in which we do business. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration
 and
other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers.


 the marketing and advertising
of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and
foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our
products to children.


regulations relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
we rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Regulations and formal and informal
positions taken by the NOP pursuant to the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 are subject to continued
review and scrutiny.


the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
our customers
 or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
increased regulatory scrutiny could interrupt distribution of our products or force changes in our production processes and our
products. Further
 if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to
civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business.

The Smolyansky family controls a majority of our common
stock and has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval.


by members of the Smolyansky family
 and collectively
 they have the ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes
 including
the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger
 change of control
 or other significant corporate
transaction. No person interested in acquiring Lifeway will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Smolyansky family.
We believe that having the Smolyansky family as a significant part of a long-term-focused
 committed
 and engaged stockholder base
provides us with an important strategic advantage
 particularly in a business with a mature
 well-recognized brand. This advantage
could be eroded or lost
 however
 should Smolyansky family members cease
 collectively
 to be controlling stockholders of Lifeway.
We desire to remain independent and family-owned
 and we believe the Smolyansky family shares these interests. However
 the Smolyansky
family&rsquo;s interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders&rsquo; interests. By exercising their control
 the Smolyansky
family could cause Lifeway to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals of institutional
 short-term
 non-voting
or other non-controlling investors
 or that have a negative effect on our stock price.





    
    



 collectively
controls a majority of our common stock (approximately 50.2%)
 we are considered a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; under Nasdaq
Listing Rules. Controlled companies are exempt from Nasdaq listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent
directors
 a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee
 and a fully independent compensation committee. Our Board
of Directors has determined that Lifeway will avail itself of these exemptions
 though we currently maintain a Board composed of
a majority of independent directors. As a result of our use of controlled company exemptions
 our corporate governance practices
differ from those of non-controlled companies
 which are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.


If we are unable to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting in the future
 the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely
affected.


over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. We previously identified and reported a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2016. Although we have remediated this material weakness as of December 31
 2017
 and while we have determined that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2017 as indicated in Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we cannot assure you that we will not identify additional
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future.

ITEM 1B&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;PROPERTIES 





    
    
    


 Illinois
    

 principal executive offices


 Wisconsin
    

 administrative offices


 Illinois
    

 administrative offices


 Pennsylvania
    

 administrative offices


 Illinois
    
    


 Illinois
    
    


 Illinois
    
    


 New York
    
    



adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required.
We believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for all of our properties.

ITEM 3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
Lifeway believes that no such matter is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results
of operations.

ITEM 4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES







    
    




ITEM 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Global Market under the symbol &ldquo;LWAY.&rdquo; Trading commenced on March 29
 1988. As of March 1
 2018
 there were approximately
157 holders of record of Lifeway&rsquo;s Common Stock.




low sale prices per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market for each quarter during the two most recent
fiscal years:



    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





pay dividends. From time to time however our Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends depending on our operating cash flow
financial condition
 capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant.


in fiscal 2017 or 2016.





    
    



Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





    
    
    
    
    
                                                                               

    
    
    
    
    

    
8
401
    
8
401
1
857

    
26
111
    
26
111
1
563

    
4
077
    
4
077
1
518

    
23
473
    
23
473
1
287

    
7
135
    
7
135
1
220

    
69
197
    
69
197
1
220

    
    
    
    
    

    
85
665
    
    
1
220

    
31
348
    
31
348
    

    
12
818
    
12
818
    

    
10
390
    
10
390
5
895

    
7
325
    
7
325
5
822

    
147
546
    
61
881
5
822





    
    
    

 Lifeway publicly announced
        a share repurchase program. On November 1
 2017
 the our Board of Directors amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017
        amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock program repurchase) the
        authorization the lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. The program has no expiration date.



ITEM 6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA



ITEM 7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016 should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report on Form
10-K. In addition to historical information
 the following discussion contains certain forwardlooking statements within the &ldquo;safe
harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our future plans
objectives
 expectations and intentions. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo;
&ldquo;extend
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;increase
&rdquo;
&ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;expand
&rdquo; &ldquo;future
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
and &ldquo;allow
&rdquo; and similar terms or terminology
 or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although
we believe the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds
of our knowledge of our business
 our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors
that could contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section
in Part I
 Item 1A. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information
becomes available or other events occur in the future.





    
    




Comparison of Year Ended December 31
2017 to Year Ended December 31
 2016 (in 000&rsquo;s)



    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
118
893
123
879
(4
986
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
85
757
86
524
    
    

    
2
440
2
323
    
    

    
88
197
88
847
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
30
696
35
032
(4
336
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
16
595
14
467
(2
128
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
955
13
783
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
31
222
28
947
(2
275
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
085
(6
611
    

    
    
    
    
    






986 or 4.0%
to $118
893. Volume / mix subtracted 2.7%
 pricing subtracted 0.5%
 and trade promotion and allowances subtracted 0.8% from net
sales. The 2.7% decline in volume / mix was driven by lower volumes of our branded drinkable kefir partially offset by the incremental
volume of new item introductions and an increase in sales of private label product. The volume decline was more pronounced during
our fourth quarter and overall reflects lower consumption of our products that is consistent with the overall volume decline in
dairy and cultured dairy product categories generally.


 which includes the impact of customers
that pick up their own products to avail themselves of a lower unit price compared to customers who have Lifeway deliver products
to them
 was adversely impacted by a large customer that began picking up products rather than having them delivered in 2017 and
that was only partially offset by a list price increase we implemented on certain products in our portfolio during 2017. Additionally
during the fourth quarter of 2017
 we participated in a coupon program with one of our largest retail customers that was focused
exclusively on certain new product introductions. The coupon program drove the overall increase in trade promotion and allowance
in 2017 compared to 2016.





decreased to 25.8% during the year ended December 31
 2017 from 28.3% during the same period in 2016. The lower gross profit percentage
reflects increased trade promotion and allowances
 the unfavorable impact of operating leverage that arises from lower net sales
relative to fixed costs
 and unfavorable sales mix that were only partially offset by lower delivery costs. The unfavorable sales
mix reflects declining volumes of our branded drinkable kefir that produce relatively higher gross margin rates and the introduction
of new items that generally produce relatively lower gross margin rates. The lower freight costs were primarily driven by the
large customer described above that elected pick up versus delivery.





    
    






128 or
14.7% to $16
595 during the year ended December 31
 2017 from $14
467 during the same period in 2016. The increased selling expenses
reflect higher salaries and higher advertising and marketing costs partially offset by lower broker commissions. The higher salaries
were driven by a headcount increase in our direct sales force that began directly servicing certain key customers in early 2017
that our brokers previously serviced. The decline in broker commissions also reflects the increase in our direct sales force and
lower sales.


related costs during the year ended December 31
 2017 were skewed toward our fourth quarter and were driven by an increase in
non-TV advertising
 incremental spending on corporate sponsorships and elevated participation in community related events that
was only partially offset by lower TV advertising costs during 2017. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales were 14.0%
for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to 11.7% for the same period in 2016.





$172 or 1.2% to $13
955 during the year ended December 31
 2017 from $13
783 during the same period in 2016. The increase is primarily
a result of higher levels of compensation for an expanded group of senior managers and an increase in bad debt expense
 partially
offset by lower professional fees.





during the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to income from operations of $6
085 during the same period in 2016. The provision
for income taxes was a benefit of $458
 or a 57.0% effective tax rate (ETR) during the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to
a provision for income taxes of $2
158 or a 38.3% effective tax rate
 in 2016. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we (a)
recorded an income tax benefit of $378 as a result of enacted tax legislation (discussed below)
 which reduced the ETR by 47.0%;
and (b) recorded an income tax provision of $118 related to uncertain tax positions
 which increased the ETR by 14.6%. In addition
the impact of certain permanent items had a disproportionate impact on the ETR in 2017 because of the relative size of such items
in relation to the size of the operating loss. Income taxes are discussed in Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements
 which includes a full reconciliation of the ETR.


 2017
 the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax
system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction
 and limiting the tax deductions
for interest expense and executive compensation.


of compensation paid to certain of our executives. Under the Act&rsquo;s amendments to Section 162(m)
 no tax deduction in taxable
years beginning after December 31
 2017 is allowed for compensation paid to any covered employee to the extent that the total compensation
for that covered employee exceeds $1
000
000 in any taxable year. Although the Act eliminated the prior tax deduction under Section
162(m) for performance-based executive compensation
 it included a transition rule under which the changes to Section 162(m) will
not apply to awards made to our covered employees who had the right to participate in our 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan pursuant
to written binding contracts in effect as of November 2
 2017
 as long as those contracts that have not subsequently been modified
in any material respect. Accordingly
 subject to further guidance from the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service
(&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;)
 we expect that performance-based compensation paid to our executives under our Omnibus Plan will remain eligible
for the Section 162(m) exemption in 2018.


remeasurement of deferred income taxes has been recorded in the provision (benefit) for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review
of the implications of the Act will be ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification and guidance are provided on how the
IRS and state authorities will implement tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance from the SEC or the FASB related
to tax reform. Effective January 1
 2018
 we estimate that the impact of the Act will lower our combined statutory federal income
tax rate plus an estimate for state
 local and foreign income taxes from approximately 39.5% to 28.1%. In future periods
 we expect
the Act to favorably impact net earnings
 diluted earnings per share
 and cash flows
 primarily due to the Act&rsquo;s reduction
of the federal corporate tax rate.



per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to net income of $3
479 or $0.22 per basic and
diluted common share in 2016.






    
    





resource requirements to be met through anticipated cash flows from operations; our revolving credit facility; and cash and cash
equivalents. We believe that our sources of financing will be adequate to meet our future requirements.


was $3
808 during the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $5
104 in 2016. The
decline in cash provided by operating activities reflects relatively lower net income partially offset by an increase in non-cash
charges primarily related to stock-based compensation and the favorable impact of relatively lower working capital during 2017.
The favorable impact of working capital on operating cash flow was driven by the favorable timing of payments to suppliers and
service providers and lower receivable and inventory levels partially offset by higher payments for income taxes in the 2017 period.



$5
316 during the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $360 in 2016. The lower level
of net cash used in investing activities in the 2016 period reflects liquidity provided by the liquidation of our investments during
2016 in part to fund share repurchase activity. Capital spending was $5
341 during the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to
$3
237 in 2016. Beyond maintaining our production facilities
 our capital spending has focused on supporting new product innovation;
improving productivity within our production facilities; lowering our manufacturing input costs; improving product quality; and
enhancing workplace safety.


in financing activities was $2
326 during the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to net cash used in financing activities of
$1
578 in 2016. We repurchased approximately 148 and 69 shares of common stock at a cost of $1
486 and $738 during the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016 respectively.


 2015
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2015 stock repurchase program&rdquo;) under which we may
from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or
250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding
to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of
$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without
limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.



equivalents of $3
834 during the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $3
166
in 2016.



 2017
 Lifeway had $3
166
of current maturities of notes payable. We intend to fund these maturities with available cash balances and / or new financing
facilities. We also have a $5 million revolving credit facility. This facility expires in July 2018
 remained unused at December
31
 2017
 and is available for other general corporate purposes. Although Lifeway was not in compliance with the covenants contained
in its loan agreements as of December 31
 2017
 the lender has waived this non-compliance through December 31
 2018.


and expiration of our revolving credit facility
 we intend to enter into a new revolving credit facility (the &ldquo;New Revolver&rdquo;)
with our existing lender on similar terms to our current revolving credit facility. We intend that the New Revolver will replace
the existing revolving credit facility and allow us to retire all of the then-outstanding notes payable described in Note 7 to
the consolidated financial statements. The New Revolver is currently being negotiated with our existing lender and is subject to
approval by management and our Board of Directors
 and thus
 we cannot make any assurances that we will enter into the New Revolver.


 2016
 Lifeway entered into
an endorsement agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 our Chairperson of the Board. Under the terms and
conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide and
 except as set forth therein
royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
 exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms.
Smolyansky&rsquo;s name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement). As consideration for such license
Lifeway agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each product or item we sell during each calendar month bearing
Ms. Smolyansky&rsquo;s first name
 last name
 or other identifying personal characteristics; provided however that such royalty
will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms. Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective
as of January 1
 2016. Ms. Smolyansky earned royalties of $600 in 2017 and 2016.





    
    





arrangements.





Critical Accounting Policies and
Use of Estimates


in accordance with US GAAP requires management to make estimates
 judgments
 and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 judgments
 and assumptions.
We believe our estimates
 judgments
 and assumptions are reasonable; however
 future results could differ from those estimates.
Management regularly assesses its accounting policies and has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies
with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors. For further information concerning accounting policies
 refer to the notes
to the consolidated financial statements.

.
Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangibles are not subject to amortization but rather are tested for impairment annually and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Our estimates of fair value for goodwill
impairment testing are determined based on our market capitalization. &nbsp;Other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested
for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value of our other indefinite-lived intangible
assets is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses that include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth
rates
 weighted average cost of capital
 and assumed royalty rates. If our estimate of fair value is less than the carrying value
the asset is reduced to fair value.


 2017
 we had $10.4 million
of goodwill and our market capitalization exceeded its carrying value by more than 100%. As of December 31
 2017
 we had $3.7 million
of other indefinite lived intangible assets which we estimate have a fair value in excess of carrying value by more than 20%.

From
time to time
 we grant certain sales discounts to customers which are classified as a reduction in sales. The measurement and recognition
of discounts and allowances involves the use of judgment and our estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors.
Differences between estimated and actual discount and allowance costs are normally not material and are recognized in earnings
in the period such differences are determined. The process for analyzing trade promotion programs could impact our results of operations
and trade spending accruals depending on how actual results of the programs compare to original estimates. As of December 31
 2017
we had $1.4 million of accrued discounts and allowances.

. Certain
employees receive various forms of share-based payment awards and we recognize compensation costs for these awards based on their
fair values. The fair values of stock option awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
which incorporates certain assumptions regarding the expected term of an award and expected stock price volatility. The expected
term is determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the contractual term and vesting period of the stock options.
The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility of our common stock. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring the
grant date fair value
 but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. Key assumptions are described in further detail in Note
10 to our consolidated financial statements.

. We pay income taxes
based on tax statutes
 regulations
 and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. At any one time
 multiple tax
years are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.


an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The income tax benefit recognized in our financial statements from such
a position is measured based on the largest estimated benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement.

. New accounting guidance
that we have recently adopted
 as well as accounting guidance that has been recently issued but not yet adopted by us
 are included
in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK







    
    



ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA




    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    












    
    



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM





 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Illinois



balance sheets of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016
 and the
related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2017
 based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 30
 2018
 expressed an unqualified
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.





of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.







since 2015.


 Illinois

 2018




    
    



Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm




 Inc. and Subsidiaries:


Opinion on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


 Inc. and Subsidiaries&rsquo;
(&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017

Control&mdash;Integrated Framework (2013)
criteria). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31
 2017
 based on the COSO criteria.


 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
 the consolidated balance sheets
and the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) 
 stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash
flows of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31
 2017 and our report dated March 30
 2018
 expressed an unqualified
opinion.




for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.


standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.







 Illinois

 2018





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2017 and 2016




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
978
8
812


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $2
010 and $1
600 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
8
676
9
594


 net
7
697
8
042

    
    
    

    
2
347
    

    
24
681
27
542

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
24
645
21
832

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
068
14
068


 net
    
1
647

    
15
043
15
715

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
64
519
65
214

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
166
    

    
6
848
5
718

    
2
984
2
169

    
    
    

    
13
201
9
381

    
    
    

    
3
113
6
279

    
    
1
192

    
    
    

    
17
929
16
852

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2017 and 2016
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
008 and 16
154 shares outstanding at 2017 and 2016
6
509
6
509

    
2
244
2
198


 at cost
(11
812
(10
340

    
49
649
49
995

    
46
590
48
362

    
    
    

    
64
519
65
214


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
December 31
 2017 and 2016
(In thousands
 except per share data)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
118
893
123
879

    
    
    

    
85
757
86
524

    
2
440
2
323

    
88
197
88
847

    
    
    

    
30
696
35
032

    
    
    

    
16
595
14
467

    
13
955
13
783

    
    
    

    
31
222
28
947

    
    
    

    
    
6
085

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net reclassified from OCI
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
5
637

    
    
    

    
    
2
158

    
    
    

    
    
3
479

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
105
16
155

    
    
    

    
16
105
16
160

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
479


 net of tax:
    
    


 net of $0 and $38 of&nbsp;taxes
    
    

    
    
    


 net of $0 and $6 of taxes
    
    

    
    
3
550


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity
For the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and
2016




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    

    
    
In
    treasury
    
    
Income
    (Loss)

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Net
    of Tax
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1

17
274
6
509
(1
064
(9
730
2
033
46
516
    
45
257

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
479
    
3
479

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

17
274
6
509
(1
120
(10
340
2
198
49
995
    
48
362

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(1
486
    
    
    
(1
486

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

17
274
6
509
(1
266
(11
812
2
244
49
649
    
46
590



See accompanying notes to consolidated financial







    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and
2016




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
479

    
    
    

    
3
112
3
020


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
038
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
130
(2
673

    
    
    

    
    
1
116

    
3
808
5
104

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
751

    
    
    

    
(5
341
(3
237

    
    
    

    
(5
316
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
486
    

    
    
    

    
(2
326
(1
578

    
    
    

    
(3
834
3
166

    
    
    

    
8
812
5
646

    
    
    

    
4
978
8
812

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of refunds
2
382
1
421

    
    
    


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2017 and 2016 





and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). Lifeway&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of Lifeway&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

Note 2 &ndash; Summary of significant accounting
policies 




in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates
made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the fair value of investment
securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.




criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and we have no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence
of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping
costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs are included in cost of sales.


discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances for
non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered reductions in the price of
our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by estimating incentive costs
based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain a reserve for the estimated
allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant and are recognized
in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.



fluid milk manufacturing process. Lifeway does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
 but rather disposes of it through
sales to other companies. Bulk cream byproduct sales are included in net sales.




investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.





    
    





hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy
upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable inputs
other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets
or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are generally
unobservable and typically reflect management&rsquo;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability.


available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are reported as
a separate component of stockholders&rsquo; equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature. Amortization
 accretion
interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale
securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Factors
that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include: the fair value of the
security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability to retain the investment
for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.&nbsp;Gross gains of $0 and
$185
 and gross losses of $0 and $200 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.


which are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and notes payable for which carrying value approximates fair value.




or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;). The costs of finished goods inventories include
raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the
assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


 plant and equipment is being depreciated
over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.





    
    



are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other intangible assets over their estimated
useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the
competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant
change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.


intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised
remaining useful life.


 including property
 plant
and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no indicators of impairment
in 2017 or 2016.




differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified on a net basis
as non-current.


are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 unrealized gains or losses related
to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&nbsp;incentive compensation
 reserves
for excess and obsolete inventory
 and the allowance for doubtful accounts.


the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions.
We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on technical merits
the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes. We apply
a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the
amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment
related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For
those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized
in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax examination
activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the
consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).





    
    



the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. In response to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) enacted
on December 22
 2017
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) issued guidance that allows us to record
provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting cannot be completed before we file our 2017 financial
statements. An estimated provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes has been recorded in the provision (benefit)
for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review of the implications of the Act will be ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification
and guidance are provided on how the IRS and state authorities will implement tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance
from the SEC or the FASB related to tax reform. See Note 9
 Income Taxes
 for additional information on how we recorded the impacts
of the U.S. tax reform.








For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total advertising expenses were $7
402 and $6
859
 respectively.




by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders
by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents
outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were 0 and 5 common stock equivalents outstanding
respectively.




 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU No. 2018-05
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant
to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) No. 118. The new guidance adds SEC Staff views on income tax accounting
implications of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) signed into law in December 2017. The amendments in this
Update provide guidance on accounting and disclosure for certain income tax effects of the Act which will be incomplete at
the time the financial statements are issued for the reporting period that includes the enactment date of December 2017. The
Company adopted this guidance in Q4 2017 and has included disclosure of the provisional impact of the remeasurement of
deferred income taxes recorded in Footnote 9.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
Compensation-Stock Compensation &ndash; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new guidance simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification in the statement
of cash flows. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies are no longer recognized as additional paid-in capital in the
consolidated balance sheets. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the
consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
Income Taxes &ndash; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies the presentation of deferred
income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation allowance
 be classified
as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to be separated into current
and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. Lifeway elected to adopt this guidance
as of the first fiscal quarter in 2017 and has applied the update on a retrospective basis. Lifeway changed its accounting principle
to reduce the cost and complexity inherent in recording deferred taxes as current and noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets.
As a result
 Lifeway has reclassified $662 of current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31
 2016.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
Inventory &ndash; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is that an entity should measure
inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. This guidance was effective on January
1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.





    
    


Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements



 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. The new guidance provides clarity and reduces
both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment
award. The amendments in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award
require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning
on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. The adoption
of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance simplifies the subsequent measurement
of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform its annual
or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity still has
the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary.
The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill
impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material
impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address the
diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows
such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds from
the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. The adoption of this amendment
is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet and disclose key information
about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended
guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the
statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in
this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which requires application of the new guidance at
the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption. We do not intend to early adopt the standard.
Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure equity
investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to measure
equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and recognize
any changes in fair value in net income (loss) unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years
beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is not permitted.
The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;)
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements.
ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &ldquo;full retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is
applied to all of the periods presented
 or &ldquo;modified retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only
to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the
nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved
a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily
adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections
and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended
application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date
and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
 we are required to adopt the new standard not later
than January 1
 2018. We will adopt the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption
 we expect
the new standard will not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position.





    
    


Note 3 &ndash; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
1
717
2
256

    
2
453
2
770

    
3
527
3
016


 net
7
697
8
042


Note 4 &ndash; Property
 Plant and Equipment
net


 plant and equipment consisted of
the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
260
16
428

    
27
539
23
122

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
683
1
873

    
49
864
44
727

    
(25
219
(22
895


 plant and equipment
 net
24
645
21
832





consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

    
14
068
14
068



 net consisted of the
following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
269
(6
597


 net
    
1
647






    
    



expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2017 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    








    



    
    
    

    
2
208
1
560

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
984
2
169








    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018. Principal and interest (4.07% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
2
832
3
339

    
    
    


 2019. Principal and interest (3.86% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
3
447
3
780

    
6
279
7
119

    
(3
166
    

    
3
113
6
279



interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR rate plus 2.5% and are collateralized by substantially all of Lifeway&rsquo;s assets.
In addition
 under the terms of the related agreements
 Lifeway is subject to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a minimum
tangible net worth threshold
 which among other things may limit our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of common
stock. Further
 under the agreements Lifeway is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial statements and related SEC
filings within specified timeframes. Although we were not in compliance with the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant at
December 31
 2017
 we have obtained a waiver of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio through December 31
 2018.


 Lifeway has a $5 million revolving
credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31
2017 and 2016
 there were no borrowings under the facility. The facility expires in July 2018.





    
    



31
 2017
 are as follows:



    
3
166

    
3
113

    
6
279



Note 8 &ndash; Commitments and contingencies





Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary
 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases. Total lease expense was
$702 and $509 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Future annual minimum base rental payments under non-cancelable
leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2017 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.


when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate
on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that would make
a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
 we do not
establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually or in the
aggregate to our financial position and it is management&rsquo;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding legal
matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows. However
if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.


substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status of
the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable
certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss.


 2016
 Lifeway received
a request to voluntarily produce documents in connection with a confidential
 informal inquiry by the Division of Enforcement of
the SEC concerning Lifeway&rsquo;s internal controls
 disclosure controls procedures
 and internal control over financial reporting
for fiscal years 2013 through the date of the letter. The SEC has informed Lifeway that the inquiry should not be construed as
an indication that any violation of any federal securities law has occurred or as a reflection upon the merits of any person
 company
or securities involved. Since receiving the letter
 Lifeway has been cooperating with the SEC and will continue to do so.





    
    





 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
 reducing
the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax system
eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction
 and limiting the tax deductions
for interest expense and certain executive compensation.


the Act is not yet complete
 we have made reasonable estimates of the provisions of the Act and recognized a $378 discrete net
tax benefit in our 2017 financial statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the new tax rate.
The final impact of the Act may differ from this estimate due to changes in interpretations of the Act
 any legislative action
to address questions that arise because of the Act
 or any updates or changes to estimates the Company has utilized to calculate
the impacts. We anticipate that these estimates will be finalized with the filing of the 2017 income tax return.


the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
117

    
    
    

    
    
2
689

    
    
    

    
    
2
158



tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
917
    


 net
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
2
158
    






follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
784
(1
854

    
(1
784
(1
854

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
192






    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar year 2014 and subsequent
federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the
annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.


in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately $152 and $19 during 2017 and
2016
 respectively. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was approximately $171 and
$19 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.







 Lifeway stockholders approved
the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards of stock
options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and performance
units. At December 31
 2017
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Lifeway has not established
a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and
may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
&nbsp;and&nbsp;stock
options to attract and retain new and existing executives.


 Lifeway
granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &ldquo;2016
options&rdquo;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on a relatively accelerated basis. The accelerated vesting
reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of individual participants.



year ended December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    



 2017 and 2016
total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income
(loss) was $41 and $134
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related benefits of $17 and $51 were
also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock options was $19
which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.30 years.


using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting
and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to
provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





Lifeway granted 2 Restricted Stock Units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) to certain key employees in December 2016. An RSU represents the
right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise price.




December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements
of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $18 and $1
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related
benefits of $7 and $0
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related
to non-vested RSU&rsquo;s was $3
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 0.96
years.




 Lifeway established an incentive-based
compensation program (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
The incentive compensation was based on the achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels versus respective
targets in 2016. Under the 2016 Plan
 the senior executives had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation
in amounts ranging from $0 to $4
000 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance levels compared to the respective targets. For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses of $1
720 under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was
paid or was payable in cash at December 31
 2016.


 Lifeway awarded 12 shares
of fully vested common stock to key employee participants. Stock-based compensation of $191 was recognized in 2016.





    
    



 Lifeway established an incentive-based
compensation program (the &ldquo;2017 Plan&rdquo;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
The number of participants under the 2017 Plan was expanded from the 2016 Plan. Under the 2017 Plan
 incentive compensation was
based on (a) the achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets in 2017
 and (b)
for certain senior executives
 the achievement of individual performance objectives. Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants
had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&rsquo;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&rsquo;s performance compared to their individual
objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the
three years from the 2017 grant dates.


 2017
 incentive
compensation earned by participants under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled through the issuance of stock
 subject
to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation recognized in the
consolidated statement of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) under the 2017 Plan was $2
516. As of December 31
 2017
the total remaining unearned compensation related to the 2017 Plan was $1
073 of which $710
 $309 and $54 is expected to be recognized
in 2018
 2019 and 2020 respectively
 subject to vesting.




is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan Lifeway matches employee contributions under
a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $376 and $368
 respectively.


Note 11 &ndash; Segments
 Products and Customers



kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is a tart and tangy cultured milk smoothie that is high in protein
 calcium and
vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 15 to 20
billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming Units) at the time of manufacture.


our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2017
 Lifeway
offered over 50 varieties of our kefir products including more than 20 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir products
we offer Kefir Cups
 a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
both served in resealable 5 oz. containers with mini-spoons. We also offer Lifeway Elixir
 a line of non-dairy
 sparkling organic
probiotic beverages
 as well as probiotic supplements for adults and children. In late 2017
 we also announced that we would begin
offering Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt
 and Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic beverage made from organic and non-GMO
pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our 

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable
 frozen
 and freeze dried formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which include Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in a resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.






    
    



segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating resources
and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues relate to
the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a
common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
514
    
96
782
    

    
11
516
    
11
007
    

    
6
527
    
6
114
    

    
4
537
    
6
722
    

    
4
138
    
1
279
    

    
1
661
    
1
975
    

    
118
893
    
123
879
    







 &ndash;
Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 22% and 23% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 19% and 25% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Our ten largest customers
as a group accounted for approximately 59% and 58% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&nbsp;





 2015
 Lifeway&rsquo;s Board
of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2015 stock repurchase program&rdquo;) under which we may
 from time
to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or 250 shares.
On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of $5
185 or
625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without limitation
in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.


 during
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately $10.07 per share. During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately $10.68 per share. Approximately
$1
418 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2017.




the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and were $1
000 during the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016.


 2016
 Lifeway entered into an
endorsement agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 our Chairperson of the Board. Under the terms and
conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide and
 except as set forth therein
royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
 exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms.
Smolyansky&rsquo;s name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement). As consideration for such license
Lifeway agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each product or item we sell during each calendar month bearing
Ms. Smolyansky&rsquo;s first name
 last name
 or other identifying personal characteristics; provided however that such royalty
will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms. Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective
as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by Ms. Smolyansky are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and were $600 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.





    
    




ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM 9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


that are designed to ensure material information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 we recognize that a control system
 no matter how well designed
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.


 2017 (the &ldquo;Evaluation
Date&rdquo;)
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)). Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31
 2017 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us under the
Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified under the Exchange Act rules.


McCann P.C.
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding Lifeway&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
is provided under &ldquo;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.&rdquo;

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and effected by the Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;




    
    
provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and




    
    
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements.



has inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the level
of compliance with related policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 including our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2017. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment
 management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2017.





    
    





took the following actions to improve our internal controls over financial reporting:



    
    
We have continued to emphasize the importance of
 and monitor the sustained compliance with
 the execution of our internal controls over financial reporting.




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 2017 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
OTHER INFORMATION








    
    




ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance Guidelines and
Code of Ethics


and a Code of Ethics applicable to all members of the Board
 executive officers
 and employees
 including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer. The Corporate Governance Guidelines
 the Code of Ethics
 and other corporate governance
documents are available on Lifeway&rsquo;s website at&nbsp;www.lifewayfoods.com. Any person may
 without charge
 request a copy
of the Corporate Governance Guidelines and/or Code of Ethics by contacting Lifeway at (847) 967-1010 or by email at 


10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.





    
    




ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.



    
    
A list of the Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Report is set forth in Part II
 Item 8
 which list is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
    



    
    
Financial Statement Schedules &ndash; Separate financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because
the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Revolving Note dated February 6
 2009
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Term Note dated February 6
 2009
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Promissory Note dated September 4
 2013
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 LFI Enterprises
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC and The Private Bank and Trust Company
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Amendment to Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Assignment of Rents and Leases dated as of September 4
 2013 executed by Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company
    
    
    
    
    






    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 executed by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 8
 2016
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Endorsement Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 14
 2016
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Douglas A. Hass
 dated as of April 21
 2017
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Jennifer Reilly
 dated as of April 21
 2017
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and John Waldron
 dated as of April 21
 2017
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Thirteenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective July 6
 2017
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Fourteenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective July 20
 2017
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Fifteenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective November 1
 2017
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Press release dated March 30
 2018 reporting the Company&rsquo;s financial results for year ended December 31
 2017.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    











    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer
 Secretary
 and Director
    




Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2018
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    












 INC.



     




Subsidiaries of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


Foods
 Inc. All of the voting stock of each subsidiary is 100% owned directly by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.



    
    

Fresh Made
 Inc.
    

Helios Nutrition
 Ltd.
    

Lifeway Foods Canada
 Inc.
Quebec
 Canada

    
    

The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
    

Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    















     






LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.


restated as of this 28th day of March 2018
 by the Board of Directors of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;




 Lifeway Foods
 Inc. has
heretofore been formed as a corporation under the Illinois Business Corporation Act of 1983 (805 ILCS &sect; 5/1.01
 et seq.)
as amended
 pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation filed in the office of the Illinois Secretary of State on May 19
 1986
 and
thereafter amended;


 the Board desires to
amend and restate the by-laws of the corporation in their entirety; and


 the Board has the authority
to amend the by-laws pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof.


 the Board
 hereby
amends and restates the by-laws in their entirety as follows:




Section
The corporation shall continuously maintain in the State of Illinois a registered office and a registered agent
whose business office is identical with such registered office
 and may have other offices within or without the state.

Section
1.2.

including its stock ledger
 books of account
 and minute books
 may be maintained on any information storage device or method;
provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. The corporation shall
so convert any records so kept on the reasonable request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to applicable
law.




Section

 An annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held on the first Monday in June of each
year or at such time as the board of directors may designate for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting. If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal holiday
 such meeting shall
be held on the next succeeding business day.

Section
Failure to hold the annual meeting at the designated time does not result in the winding up or dissolution of
the corporation. If the board of directors fails to call the annual meeting
 any shareholder may make demand in writing to any
officer of the corporation that an annual meeting be held.

Section

 Special meetings of the shareholders may be called either by the president
 by the board
of directors or by the holders of not less than one-fifth of all the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote
 for
the purpose or purposes stated in the call of the meeting.

Section

 The board of directors may designate any place
 as the place of meeting for any annual
meeting or for any special meeting called by the board of directors. If no designation is made
 or if a special meeting be otherwise
called
 the place of meeting shall be at Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois 60053. The board of
directors may
 in its discretion
 determine that shareholder meetings may be held solely by means of remote communication. If authorized
by the board of directors
 and subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the board of directors
 shareholders not physically
present at a meeting of shareholders may participate in a meeting of shareholders by means of remote communication; and
 may be
considered present in person and may vote at a meeting of shareholders held at a designated place or held solely by means of remote
communication
 subject to the conditions imposed by applicable law.





    
    


Section

 Written notice stating the place
 date
 and hour of the meeting and
 in the case of
a special meeting
 the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called
 shall be delivered not less than 10 nor more than 60
days before the date of the meeting
 or in the case of a merger
 consolidation
 share exchange
 dissolution or sale
 lease or exchange
of assets not less than 20 nor more than 60 days before date of the meeting
 either personally or by mail
 by or at the direction
of the president
 or the secretary
 or the officer or persons calling the meeting
 to each shareholder of record entitled to vote
at such meeting. If mailed
 such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the
shareholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the corporation
 with postage thereon prepaid. When a meeting
is adjourned to another time or place
 notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.

Section

 For the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote
at any meeting of shareholders
 or shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend
 or in order to make a determination
of shareholders for any other proper purpose
 the board of directors of the corporation may fix in advance a date as the record
date to any such determination of shareholders
 such date in any case to be not more than 60 days and for a meeting of shareholders
less than 10 days
 or in the case of a merger
 consolidation
 share exchange
 dissolution or sale
 lease or exchange of assets
less than 20 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders
 or shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend
 the date on which
notice of the meeting is mailed or the date on which the resolution of the board of directors declaring such dividend is adopted
as the case may be
 shall be the record date for such determination of shareholders. A determination of shareholders. A determination
of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting.

Section

 The officer or agent having charge of the transfer book for shares of the corporation shall
make
 within 20 days after the record date for a meeting of shareholders or 10 days before such meeting
 whichever is earlier
a complete list of the shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting
 arranged in alphabetical order
 with the address of and the
number of shares held by each
 which list
 for a period of 10 days prior to such meeting
 shall be kept on file at the registered
office of the corporation and shall be subject to inspection by any shareholder
 and to copying at the shareholder's expense
 at
any time during usual business hours. Such list shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall
be subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the whole time of the meeting. The original share ledger or transfer book
or a duplicate thereof kept in this State
 shall be prima facie evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such
list or share ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of shareholders.

Section

If any shareholders are participating in the meeting by means of remote communication
 the list must be open
to examination by the shareholders for the duration of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network
 and the information
required to access the list must be provided to shareholders with the notice of the meeting.

Section

 The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote on a matter
represented in person or by proxy
 shall constitute a quorum for consideration of such matter at any meeting of shareholders
 but
in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of the outstanding shares entitled so to vote; provided that if less
than a majority of the outstanding shares are represented at said meeting
 a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn
the meeting at any time without further notice. If a quorum is present
 the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares represented
at the meeting shall be the act of the shareholders
 unless the vote of a greater number or voting by classes is required by the
Business Corporation Act
 the articles of incorporation or these by-laws. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present
any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. Withdrawal of shareholders from any meeting
shall not cause failure of a duly constituted quorum at that meeting.

Section

 Each shareholder may appoint a proxy to vote or otherwise act for him or her by signing an appointment
form and delivering it to the person so appointed
 but no such proxy shall be valid after 11 months from the date of its execution
unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

Section

 Each outstanding share
 regardless of class
 shall be entitled to one vote in each matter
submitted to vote at a meeting of shareholders
 and in all elections for directors every shareholder shall have the right to vote
the number of shares owned by such shareholder for as many persons as there are directors to be elected and for whose election
the shareholder has a right to vote. Each shareholder may vote either in person or by proxy as provided in Section 2.8 hereof.

Section

 Shares held by the corporation in a fiduciary capacity may be voted
and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote at any given time.





    
    


Section

Shares registered in the name of another corporation
 domestic or foreign
 may be voted by any officer
 agent
proxy or other legal representative authorized to vote such shares under the law of incorporation of such corporation. Shares registered
in the name of a deceased person
 a minor ward or a person under legal disability
 may be voted by his or her administrator
 executor
or court appointed guardian
 either in person or by proxy without a transfer of such shares into the name of such administrator
executor or court appointed guardian. Shares registered in the name of a trustee may be voted by him or her
 either in person or
by proxy.

Section

Shares registered in the name of a receiver may be voted by such receiver
 and shares held by or under the control
of a receiver may be voted by such receiver without the transfer thereof into his or her name if authority to do so is contained
an appropriate order of the court by which such receiver was appointed.

Section

A shareholder whose shares are pledged shall be entitled to vote such shares until the shares have been transferred
into the name of the pledgee
 and thereafter the pledgee shall be entitled to vote the shares so transferred.

Section

Any number of shareholders may create a voting trust for the purpose of conferring upon a trustee or trustees
the right to vote or otherwise represent their shares
 for a period not to exceed 10 years
 by entering into a written voting trust
agreement specifying the terms and conditions of the voting trust
 and by transferring their shares to such trustee or trustees
for the purpose of the agreement. Any such trust agreement shall not become effective until a counterpart of the agreement is deposited
with the corporation at its registered office. The counterpart of the voting trust agreement so deposited with the corporation
shall be subject to the same right of examination by a shareholder of the corporation
 in person or by agent or attorney
 as are
the books and records of the corporation
 and shall be subject to examination by any holder of a beneficial to rest in the voting
trust
 either in person or by agent or attorney
 at any reasonable time for any proper purpose. Shares of its own stock belonging
to this corporation shall not be voted
 directly or indirectly
 at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total
number of outstanding shares at any given time
 but shares of its own stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity may be voted and
shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time.

Section



Section

 At any meeting of shareholders
 presiding officer may
 or upon the request of any shareholder
shall appoint one or more persons as inspectors for such meeting.

Section

Such inspectors shall ascertain and report the number of shares represented at the meeting
 based upon their
determination of the validity and effect of proxies; count all votes and report the results; and do such other acts as are proper
to conduct the election and voting with impartiality and fairness to all the shareholders.

Section

Each report of an inspector shall be in writing and signed by him or her or by a majority of them if there be
more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector
 the report of a majority shall be the report
of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results
of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof.

Section

 Any action required to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders
 or
any other action which may be taken at a meeting of the shareholders
 taken without a meeting and without a vote
 if a consent
in writing
 setting forth the action so taken shall be signed (a) if 5 days prior notice of the proposed action is given in writing
to all of the shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter hereof
 by the holders of outstanding shares having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares
entitled to vote thereon were present and voting or (b) by all of the shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the subject
matter thereof.

Section

Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent
shall be given in writing to those shareholders who have not consented in writing. In the event that the action which is consented
to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the Business Corporation Act if such action
had been voted on by the shareholders at a meeting thereof
 the certificate filed under such section shall state
 in lieu of any
statement required by such section concerning any vote of shareholders
 that written consent has been given in accordance with
the provisions of Section 7.10 of the Business Corporation Act and that written notice has been given as provided in such Section
7.10.





    
    


Section

 Voting on any question or in any election may be by voice unless the presiding officer
shall order or any shareholder shall demand that voting be by ballot.

Section

Abstentions and Broker
 Outstanding shares represented in person or by proxy (including Broker Non-Votes and shares that abstain
with respect to one or more proposals presented for shareholder approval) will be counted for purposes of determining whether a
quorum is present at a meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law
 Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes will be treated as shares
that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the number of shares that are present and entitled to vote with
respect to any particular proposal
 but will not be counted as a vote cast on such proposal. Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes
therefore
 will have no effect on proposals which require a plurality or majority of votes cast for approval
 but will have the
same effect as a vote &ldquo;against&rdquo; proposals requiring any percentage of the outstanding voting securities for approval.




Section

 The business of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its board
of directors.

Section

NUMBER
 TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS.
(3). The number of directors may be set by the board of directors by resolution from time to time. Each director shall hold office
until the next annual meeting of shareholders; or until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified. Directors need
not be residents of Illinois or shareholders of the corporation. The number of directors may be increased or decreased from time
to time by the amendment of this section. No decrease shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director.

Section

. At each annual meeting
 the shareholders shall elect the directors. If the directors
shall not have been elected at any annual meeting
 they may be elected at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose
in the manner provided by these Bylaws.

Section

Except as provided in this Section
 each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast.
A majority of votes cast means that the number of shares cast &ldquo;for&rdquo; a director&rsquo;s election exceeds the number
of votes cast &ldquo;against&rdquo; that director. The following shall not be votes cast: (a) a share whose ballot is marked as
withheld; (b) a share otherwise present at the meeting but for which there is an abstention; and (c) a share otherwise present
at the meeting for which a shareholder gives no authority or direction (&ldquo;Broker Non-Votes&rdquo;). In a contested election
the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast.

Section

A nominee in an uncontested election who does not receive a majority vote shall not be elected. An incumbent
director not elected because he or she does not receive a majority vote shall continue to serve as a holdover director until the
earliest of (a) the date on which the Board either (i) appoints an individual to fill the office held by such director
 (ii) by
resolution
 leaves the office vacant
 or (iii) by resolution
 eliminates the directorship by reducing the number of directors;
or (b) the date of the incumbent director&rsquo;s resignation.

Section

Any vacancy resulting from the non-election of a director under this Section may be filled by the Board as provided
in Section 3.9. If no director receives a majority vote in an uncontested election
 then the incumbent directors (a) will nominate
a slate of directors and hold a special meeting for the purpose of electing those nominees as soon as practicable
 and (b) may
in the interim fill one or more offices with the same director(s) who will continue in office until their successors are elected.

Section

 A regular meeting of the board of directors shall be held without other notice than
this by-law
 immediately after the annual meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may provide
 by resolution
 the time
and place for holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than such resolution.

Section

 Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the
president or any two directors. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the board of directors may fix any
as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors called by them.

Section

 Notice of any special meeting shall be given at least 10 days previous thereto by written notice
to each director at his business address. If mailed
 such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States
mail so addressed
 with postage thereon prepaid. If notice is given by facsimile transmission
 such notice shall be deemed to be
delivered upon the day the facsimile transmission is sent. If notice is given by electronic mail transmission
 such notice shall
be deemed to be delivered upon the day the electronic mail transmission is sent. The attendance of a director at any meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting
 except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to
the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at
nor the purpose of
 any regular or special meeting of the board of directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice
of such meeting.





    
    


Section

 A majority of the number of directors fixed by these by- laws shall constitute a quorum for transaction
of business at any meeting of the board of directors
 provided that if less than a majority of such number of directors are present
at said meeting
 a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting at any time without further notice.

Section

 The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
shall be the act of the board of directors
 unless the act of a greater number is required by statute
 these by-laws
 or the articles
of incorporation.

Section

 Any vacancy or new office on the board of directors may be filled by election at the next annual
or special meeting of shareholders. A majority of the board of directors may fill any vacancy or new office prior to such annual
or special meeting of shareholders.

Section

 A director may resign at any time upon written notice to the board
of directors. A director may be removed with or without cause
 by a majority of shareholders if the notice of the meeting names
the director or directors to be removed at said meeting.

Section

 The authority of the board of directors may be exercised without a meeting
if a consent in writing
 setting forth the action taken
 is signed by all of the directors entitled to vote.

Section

 The board of directors
 by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office
and irrespective of any personal interest of any of its members shall have authority to establish reasonable compensation of all
directors for services to the corporation as directors
 officers or otherwise notwithstanding any director conflict of interest.
By resolution of the board of directors
 the directors may be paid their expenses
 if any
 of attendance at each meeting of the
board. No such payment previously mentioned in this section shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other
capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

Section

 A director of the corporation who is present at a meeting of the board of directors
at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his
or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he or she shall file his or her written dissent to such
action with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered
or certified mail to the secretary of the corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall
not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action.

Section

 A majority of the board of directors may create one or more committees of two or more members
to exercise appropriate authority of the board of directors. A majority of such committee shall constitute a quorum for transaction
of business. A committee may transact business without a meeting by unanimous written consent.

Section

 For so long as the corporation is subject to the Qualitative Listing Requirements for
Nasdaq National Market and Nasdaq SmallCap Market Issuers
 as provided in Section 4350 of the National Association of Securities
Dealers (&quot;NASD&quot;) Manual
 as amended from time to time
 the corporation shall maintain an Audit Committee of at least
two (2) members
 comprised solely of independent directors. No member of the Audit Committee
 other than in his or her capacity
as a member of the Audit Committee
 the board of directors or any other committee of the board of directors
 shall (i) accept any
consulting
 advisory
 or other compensatory fee from the corporation or (ii) be an affiliated person of the corporation or any
subsidiary thereof.




Section

 The officers of the corporation shall be a president
 one or more vice-presidents
 a treasurer
a secretary
 and such other officers as may be elected or appointed by the board of directors. Any two or more offices may be held
by the same person.

Section

 The officers of the corporation shall be elected annually by the board of
directors at the first meeting of the board of directors held after each annual meeting of shareholders. If the election of officers
shall not be held at such meeting
 such election shall be held as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Vacancies may be filled
or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the board of directors. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor
shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified or until his or her death or until he or she shall resign or shall have been
removed in the manner hereinafter provided. Election of an officer shall not of itself create contract rights.





    
    


Section

 Any officer elected or appointed by the board of directors may be removed by the board of directors
whenever in its judgment the best interest of the corporation would be served thereby
 but such removal shall be without prejudice
to the contract rights
 if any
 of the person so removed.

Section

 The president shall be the principal executive officer of the corporation. Subject to the direction
and control of the board of directors
 he/she shall be in charge of the business of the corporation; he/she shall see that the
resolutions and directions of the board of directors are carried into effect except in those instances in which that responsibility
is specifically assigned to some other person by the board of directors; and
 in general
 he/she shall discharge all duties incident
to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors from time to time. He/She shall
preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the board of directors. Except in those instances in which the authority to
execute is expressly delegated to another officer or agent of the corporation or a different mode of execution is expressly prescribed
by the board of directors or these by-laws
 he/she may execute for the corporation certificates for its shares
 and any contracts
deeds
 mortgages
 bonds
 or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed
 and he/she may accomplish
such execution either under or without the seal of the corporation and either individually or with the secretary
 any assistant
secretary
 or any other officer thereunto authorized by the board of directors
 according to the requirements of the form of the
instrument. He or she may vote all securities which the corporation is entitled to vote except as and to the extent such authority
shall be vested in a different officer or agent of the corporation by the board of directors.

Section

 The vice-president (or in the event there be more than one vice-president
 each of
the vice- presidents) shall assist the president in the discharge of his/her duties as the president may direct and shall perform
such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him/her by the president or by the board of directors. In the absence
of the president or in the event of his/her inability or refusal to act
 the vice-president (or in the event there be more than
one vice-president
 the vice-presidents in the order designated by the board of directors
 or by the president if the board of
directors has not made such a designation
 or in the absence of any designation
 then in the order of seniority of tenure as vice-president)
shall perform the duties of the president
 and when so acting
 shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions
upon the president. Except in those instances in which the authority to execute is expressly delegated to another officer or agent
of the corporation or a different mode of execution is expressly prescribed by the board of directors or these by-laws
 the vice-president
(or each of them if there are more than one) may execute for the corporation certificates for its shares and any contracts
 deed
mortgages
 bonds or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed
 and he/she may accomplish such
execution either under or without the seal of the corporation and either individually or with the secretary
 any assistant secretary
or any other officer thereunto authorized by the board of directors
 according to the requirements of the form of the instrument.

Section

 The treasurer shall be the principal accounting and financial officer of the corporation.
He/She shall: (a) have charge of and be responsible for the maintenance of adequate books of account for the corporation; (b) have
charge and custody of all funds and securities of the corporation
 and be responsible therefor and for the receipt and disbursement
thereof; and (c) perform all the duties incident to the office of treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned
to him by the president or by the board of directors. If required by the board of directors
 the treasurer shall give a bond for
the faithful discharge of his/her duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the board of directors may determine.

Section

 The secretary shall: (a) record the minutes of the shareholders' and of the board of directors'
meetings in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions
of these by-laws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the corporation; (d) keep
a register of the post-office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such shareholder; (e) sign
with the president
 or a vice-president
 or any other officer thereunto authorized by the board of directors
 certificates for
shares of the corporation
 the issue of which shall have been authorized by the board of directors
 and any contracts
 deeds
 mortgages
bonds
 or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed
 according to the requirements of the form
of the instrument
 except when a different mode of execution is expressly prescribed by the board of directors or these by laws;
(f) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the corporation; (g) have authority to certify the by- laws
 resolutions
of the shareholders and board of directors and committees thereof
 and other documents of the corporation as true and correct copies
thereof
 and (h) perform all duties incident to the office of secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned
to him/her by the president or by the board of directors.

Section

The assistant treasurers and assistant secretaries shall
perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the treasurer or the secretary
 respectively
 or by the president or the board
of directors. The assistant secretaries may sign with the president
 or a vice-president
 or any other officer thereunto authorized
by the board of directors
 certificates for shares of the corporation
 the issue of which shall have been authorized by the board
of directors
 and any contracts
 deeds
 mortgages
 bonds
 or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be
executed
 according to the requirements of the form of the instrument
 except when a different mode of execution is expressly prescribed
by the board of directors or these by-laws. The assistant treasurers shall respectively
 if required by the board of directors
give bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties in such sums and with such sureties as the board of directors shall determine.





    
    


Section

 The salaries of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors and
no officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the corporation.

CONTRACTS
 LOANS
 CHECKS AND DEPOSITS


Section

 The board of directors may authorize any officer or officers
 agent or agents
 to enter into
any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation
 and such authority may be general
or confined to specific instances.

Section

 No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the corporation and no evidences of indebtedness shall
be issued in its name unless authorized by a resolution of the board of directors.

Section

CHECKS
 DRAFTS
 ETC.
 drafts or other orders for the payment of money
 notes or other evidences
of Indebtedness is issued in the name of the corporation
 shall be signed by such officer or officers
 agent or agents of the corporation
and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by dissolution of the board of directors.

Section

 All funds of the corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to
the credit of the corporation in such banks
 trust companies or other depositories as the board of directors may select.




Section

Shares either shall be represented by certificates
or shall be uncertificated shares.

Section

Certificates representing shares of the corporation shall be signed by the appropriate officers and may be sealed
with the seal or a facsimile of the seal of the corporation. If a certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registrar
other than the corporation or its employee
 any other signatures may be facsimile. Each certificate representing shares shall be
consecutively numbered or otherwise identified
 and shall also state the name of the person to whom issued
 the number and class
of shares (with designation of series
 it any)
 the date of issue
 and that the corporation is organized under Illinois law. If
the corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class or of series within a class
 the certificate shall also contain
such information or statement as may be required by law. Unless prohibited by the articles of incorporation
 the board of directors
may provide by resolution that some or all of any class or series of shares shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution
shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until the certificate has been surrendered to the corporation. Within a
reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares
 the corporation shall send the registered owner thereof
a written notice of all information that would appear on a certificate. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law
 the rights
and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares shall be identical to those of the holders of certificates representing
shares of the same class and series.

Section

The name and address of each shareholder
 the number and class of shares held and the date on which the shares
were issued shall be entered on the books of the corporation. The person in whose name shares stand on the books of the corporation
shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the corporation.

Section

 If a certificate representing shares has allegedly been lost or destroyed the board
of directors may in its discretion
 except as may be required by law
 direct that a new certificate be issued upon such indemnification
and other reasonable requirements as it may impose.

Section

 Transfer of shares of the corporation shall be recorded on the books of the corporation.
Transfer of shares represented by a certificate
 except in the case of a lost or destroyed certificate
 shall be made on surrender
for cancellation of the certificate for such shares. A certificate presented for transfer must be duly endorsed and accompanied
by proper guaranty of signature and other appropriate assurances the endorsement is effective. Transfer of an uncertificated share
shall be made on receipt by the corporation of an instruction from the registered owner or other appropriate person. The instruction
shall be in writing or a communication in such form as may be agreed upon in writing by the corporation.




Section

The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors. In the absence of
such a resolution
 the fiscal year of the corporation shall be the calendar year.





    
    





Section

The board of directors may authorize
 and the corporation may make
 distributions to its shareholders
 subject
to any restrictions in its articles of incorporation or provided by law.




Section

The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation and the words Corporate Seal
 Illinois.
The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced
 provided
that affixing of the corporate seal to an instrument shall not give the instrument additional force or effect
 or change the construction
thereof
 and the use of the corporate seal is not mandatory.




Section

Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of these by-laws or under the provisions of
the articles of incorporation or under the provisions of The Business Corporation Act of the State of Illinois
 a waiver thereof
in writing
 signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice
 whether before or after the time stated therein
 shall be
deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Attendance at any meeting shall constitute waiver of notice thereof unless the
person at the meeting objects to the holding of the meeting because proper notice was not given.

INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS
 DEBTORS
 EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS


Section

The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending or completed action
 suit or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent
of the corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys' fees)
 judgments
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action
 suit or proceeding
if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation
 and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct
was unlawful. The termination of any action
 Suit or proceeding by judgment or settlement
 conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere
or its equivalent
 shall not
 of itself
 create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding
 had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

Section

The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor any reason of the
fact that such person is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request
of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other
enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the
defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim
 issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance
of his or her duty to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall
determine upon application that despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case
 such person
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper.

Section

To the extent that a director
 officer
 employee or agent of a corporation has been successful
 on the merits
or otherwise
 in the defense of any action
 suit or proceeding referred to in sections 1 and 2
 or in defense of any claim
 or
matter therein
 such person shall be indemnified against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection
therewith.

Section

Any indemnification under sections 1 and 2 shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific
case upon a determination that indemnification of the director
 officer
 employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because
he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in sections 1 and 2. Such determination shall be made (a) by the
board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action
 suit or proceeding
or (b) if such a quorum is not obtainable
 or
 even if obtainable
 a quorum of disinterested directors so directs
 by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion
 or (c) by the shareholders.





    
    


Section

Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action
 suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation
in advance of the final disposition of such action
 suit or proceeding
 as authorized by the board of directors in the specific
case
 upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director
 officer
 employee or agent to repay such amount
 unless it
shall ultimately be determined that he or she is entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this article.

Section

The indemnification provided by this article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
seeking indemnification may be entitled under any by-law
 agreement
 vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise
both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 and shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
 executors
and administrators of such a person.

Section

The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director
officer
 employee or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such
person and incurred by such person in any such capacity
 or arising out of his or her status as such
 whether or not the corporation
would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of these sections.

Section

If the corporation has paid indemnity or has advanced expenses to a director
 officer
 employee or agent
 the
corporation shall report the indemnification or advance in writing to the shareholders with or before the notice of the next shareholders'
meeting.

Section

References to &quot;the corporation&quot; shall include
 in addition to the surviving corporation
 any merging
corporation
 including any corporation having merged with a merging corporation
 absorbed in a merger which otherwise would have
lawfully been entitled to indemnify its directors
 officers
 and employees or agents.




Section

Unless the power to make
 alter
 amend or repeal the by-laws is reserved to the shareholders by the articles
of incorporation
 the by-laws of the corporation may be made
 altered
 amended or repealed by the shareholders or the board of
directors
 but no by-law adopted by the shareholders may be altered
 amended or repealed by the board of directors if the by-laws
so provide. The by-laws may contain any provisions for the regulation and management of the affairs of the corporation not inconsistent
with the law or the articles of incorporation.




    














     





ACCOUNTING FIRM


the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210463) of our reports dated March 30
 2018 with
respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Lifeway
Foods
 Inc. included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017.


McCann P.C.


 2018












     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Julie Smolyansky
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp;March 30
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President and
        Director
        
    













     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 John P. Waldron
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;March 30
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 Chief Financial
        Officer
    













     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the SEC (the
&ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her knowledge:



    
    




    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;March 30
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director
        
    













     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the SEC (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:



    
    

    
    

    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;March 30
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 Chief Financial Officer
    













     







Lifeway
Foods
 Inc. Announces Results for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31
 2017

Morton Grove
 IL &mdash; March 30
 2018
Foods
 Inc. (Nasdaq: LWAY)
 the leading U.S. supplier of kefir cultured dairy products
 today reported financial results for the
fourth quarter and full year ended December 31
 2017.



 we navigated a rapidly-changing dairy
industry landscape and continued to make important progress against the innovation and commercialization priorities of our strategic
initiatives. Many of these products are already gaining momentum and contributed to our 2017 financial results
&rdquo; said CEO
Julie Smolyansky. &ldquo;The recent introduction of Lifeway&rsquo;s Plantiful
 our first non-dairy
 plant-based probiotic beverage
made with kefir cultures; Elixir
 our organic
 non-dairy
 probiotic sparkling beverage; and Lifeway&rsquo;s Organic Skyr reflect
our vision for a diversified portfolio of health-focused products under the Lifeway name.&rdquo;



and merchandising opportunities for the brand that are unique to the category. We are working to take advantage of this positive
press and increased awareness to introduce new consumers to the history
 culture
 and soul behind our unique and expanding product
line. Lifeway&rsquo;s focus on creating new consumers in expanded demographic sets will be a key priority within our 2018 strategy.


introduce on-trend health and wellness products continues to be a competitive advantage
 despite marketplace challenges. Our ongoing
capital and strategic investments
 combined with our recent successful product introductions
 position us well to continue to grow
our core business and reach new customers
&rdquo; Smolyansky added.

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial
Highlights:





    
    
December 31
 
    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
26
257
30
188
118
893
123
879

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
749
    
    
3
479

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







    
    






    
    
    December 31
 2017
    
December 31
                                         2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
514
    
96
782
    

    
11
516
    
11
007
    

    
6
527
    
6
114
    

    
4
537
    
6
722
    

    
4
138
    
1
279
    

    
1
661
    
1
975
    

    
118
893
    
123
879
    




    
    
    



    
    
    


About Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


 Inc. (LWAY)
 which has
been recognized as one of Forbes&rsquo; Best Small Companies
 is America&rsquo;s leading supplier of the probiotic
 fermented beverage
known as kefir. In addition to its line of drinkable kefir
 the company also produces cupped kefir and cheese
 frozen kefir
 specialty
cheeses
 probiotic supplements and a ProBugs line for kids. Lifeway&rsquo;s tart and tangy cultured dairy and non-dairy products
are now sold across North America
 Ireland and the United Kingdom. Learn how Lifeway is good for more than just you at www.lifewaykefir.com.




oral statements made regarding the subjects of this release) contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding
 among other things
 future operating and financial performance
 product
development
 market position
 business strategy and objectives. These statements use words
 and variations of words
 such as &ldquo;gain
&rdquo;
&ldquo;position
&rdquo; &ldquo;vision
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;innovate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue.&rdquo;
Other examples of forward looking statements may include
 but are not limited to
 (i) statements of Company plans and objectives
including the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers or suppliers
 (ii) statements of
future economic performance
 and (III) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about Lifeway or its
business. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations
of future events and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown
risks or uncertainties materialize
 actual results could vary materially from Lifeway&rsquo;s expectations and projections. These
risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors include: price competition; the decisions of customers or consumers; the actions of competitors;
changes in the pricing of commodities; the effects of government regulation; possible delays in the introduction of new products;
and customer acceptance of products and services. A further list and description of these risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors
can be found in Lifeway&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 and the Company&rsquo;s
subsequent filings with the SEC. Copies of these filings are available online at https://www.sec.gov
 http://lifewaykefir.com/investor-relations/
or on request from Lifeway. Information in this release is as of the dates and time periods indicated herein
 and Lifeway does
not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials
 except as required by law. Accordingly
 YOU SHOULD
NOT RELY ON THE ACCURACY OF ANY OF THE STATEMENTS OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN ANY ARCHIVED PRESS RELEASE.




 Inc.







    












begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#BJ]B^$O\
MR*4W_7X__H*UX[7L7PE_Y%*;_K\?_P!!6O:QO\+YG%1^
ZS5XWFT:^BC4N[V




&^N;H+&KGYW& % _$FN_U/7=*T8)_:5_
M#;%_NJ[<M]!UKGQDG.IRI;&E%*,;W-BN?\ ^$[\+?\ 0;MOU_PI\/C;PS/*

M%BB6BHWFBB($DJ(3TW


M
CJ*M4FFM&


MFQG&



?#/_  #_ -%F

M?\N?_LXJ?XP_\A32_P#KA)_Z$*@^$/\ R




$838V.O



M6/#(6VM&QZ*037JOQ

UK4
ME1G*



MJY'4+MK_ %ZO67#7$SRD?4DXI=1L+C2]0GL+I5$]N^Q]IR,^U=7\//#:WJ

)[BBEHKR#K/_9
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        





          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive&#13;compensation


 in-store display and demo&#13;allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product




 quoted prices&#13;for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary&#13;on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and&#13;circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:&#13;the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability&#13;to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.&amp;#160;Gross&#13;gains of $0 and $185
 and gross losses of $0 and $200 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December&#13;31
 2017 and 2016

 accounts&#13;receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable

 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of&#13;finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor


 plant&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts




&#13;such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant&#13;customer


&#13;including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash&#13;flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows

&#13;unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&amp;#160;incentive&#13;compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory

 as well as all open&#13;tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than&#13;not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals&#13;or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.&#13;Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement.&#13;Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the&#13;quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
&#13;no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to&#13;audit settlements
 tax examination activities

 2017
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) issued&#13;guidance that allows us to record provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting cannot be completed&#13;before we file our 2017 financial statements. An estimated provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes has&#13;been recorded in the provision (benefit) for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review of the implications of the Act will be&#13;ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification and guidance are provided on how the IRS and state authorities will implement&#13;tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance from the SEC or the FASB related to tax reform. See Note 9
 Income Taxes

 2017 and 2016 total advertising expenses were $7
402 and $6
859

 2017 and 2016
&#13;there were 0 and 5 common stock equivalents outstanding

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2018-05

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &amp;#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&#13;The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting&#13;for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
&#13;and classification in the statement of cash flows. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies are no longer recognized&#13;as additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. This guidance was effective on January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies&#13;the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation&#13;allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to&#13;be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. Lifeway&#13;elected to adopt this guidance as of the first fiscal quarter in 2017 and has applied the update on a retrospective basis. Lifeway&#13;changed its accounting principle to reduce the cost and complexity inherent in recording deferred taxes as current and noncurrent&#13;on the consolidated balance sheets. As a result
 Lifeway has reclassified $662 of current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred&#13;tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling&#13;prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. This&#13;guidance was effective on January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. The new&#13;guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to the terms&#13;or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms&#13;or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The new guidance&#13;will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance&#13;simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires&#13;an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying&#13;amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative&#13;impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance&#13;is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in&#13;the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after&#13;an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the&#13;balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options&#13;to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance&#13;sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)&#13;and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective&#13;for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early&#13;adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies&#13;how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
&#13;entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method&#13;at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income (loss) unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will&#13;be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic&#13;606) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-09&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including&#13;most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize&#13;revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity&#13;expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221;&#13;adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning&#13;the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced&#13;disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On&#13;August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
&#13;while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies&#13;narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for&#13;ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
&#13;we are required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018. We will adopt the new standard on January 1
 2018 on&#13;a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption


 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive&#13;compensation



 in-store display and demo&#13;allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product






 quoted prices&#13;for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary&#13;on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and&#13;circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:&#13;the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability&#13;to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.&amp;#160;Gross&#13;gains of $0 and $185
 and gross losses of $0 and $200 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December&#13;31
 2017 and 2016

 accounts&#13;receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable


 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of&#13;finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor



 plant&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts


    



    

&#13;such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant&#13;customer


&#13;including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash&#13;flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows


&#13;unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&amp;#160;incentive&#13;compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory

 as well as all open&#13;tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than&#13;not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals&#13;or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.&#13;Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement.&#13;Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the&#13;quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
&#13;no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to&#13;audit settlements
 tax examination activities

 2017
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) issued&#13;guidance that allows us to record provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting cannot be completed&#13;before we file our 2017 financial statements. An estimated provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes has&#13;been recorded in the provision (benefit) for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review of the implications of the Act will be&#13;ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification and guidance are provided on how the IRS and state authorities will implement&#13;tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance from the SEC or the FASB related to tax reform. See Note 9
 Income Taxes

    

 2017 and 2016 total advertising expenses were $7
402 and $6
859


 2017 and 2016
&#13;there were 0 and 5 common stock equivalents outstanding


&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2018-05

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &amp;#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&#13;The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting&#13;for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
&#13;and classification in the statement of cash flows. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies are no longer recognized&#13;as additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. This guidance was effective on January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &amp;#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies&#13;the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation&#13;allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to&#13;be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. Lifeway&#13;elected to adopt this guidance as of the first fiscal quarter in 2017 and has applied the update on a retrospective basis. Lifeway&#13;changed its accounting principle to reduce the cost and complexity inherent in recording deferred taxes as current and noncurrent&#13;on the consolidated balance sheets. As a result
 Lifeway has reclassified $662 of current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred&#13;tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31

&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling&#13;prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. This&#13;guidance was effective on January 1


&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. The new&#13;guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to the terms&#13;or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms&#13;or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The new guidance&#13;will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance&#13;simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires&#13;an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying&#13;amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative&#13;impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in&#13;fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance&#13;is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in&#13;the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after&#13;an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the&#13;balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options&#13;to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance&#13;sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)&#13;and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective&#13;for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early&#13;adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies&#13;how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
&#13;entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method&#13;at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income (loss) unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will&#13;be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic&#13;606) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-09&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including&#13;most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize&#13;revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity&#13;expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221;&#13;adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning&#13;the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced&#13;disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On&#13;August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
&#13;while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies&#13;narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for&#13;ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
&#13;we are required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018. We will adopt the new standard on January 1
 2018 on&#13;a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(25
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(25
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(22
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite&#13;    lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Intangible assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite&#13;    lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Intangible assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1

    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Real estate tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Real estate tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal&#13;    and interest (4.07% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal&#13;    and interest (3.86% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6

 under the terms of the related agreements
 Lifeway is subject to a minimum fixed charge&#13;coverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth threshold
 which among other things may limit our ability to pay dividends or&#13;repurchase shares of  common stock. Further
 under the agreements Lifeway is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial&#13;statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes. Although we were not in compliance with the minimum fixed charge&#13;coverage ratio covenant at December 31
 2017
 we have obtained a waiver of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio through December&#13;31

&#13;Lifeway has a $5 million revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate or&#13;LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016

 2017

166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal&#13;    and interest (4.07% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal&#13;    and interest (3.86% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6


166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6


 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases.&#13;Total lease expense was $702 and $509 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Future annual minimum base&#13;rental payments under non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31

 claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product&#13;liabilities

 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments&#13;that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
&#13;we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually&#13;or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&amp;#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding&#13;legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&#13;However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have&#13;a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition

 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors:&#13;(i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome&#13;of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved;&#13;(vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions&#13;in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate;&#13;and (viii) the status of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot&#13;predict with any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies

 2016
 Lifeway received a request to voluntarily produce documents in connection with a confidential
 informal inquiry&#13;by the Division of Enforcement of the SEC concerning Lifeway&amp;#8217;s internal controls
 disclosure controls procedures
 and internal&#13;control over financial reporting for fiscal years 2013 through the date of the letter. The SEC has informed Lifeway that the inquiry&#13;should not be construed as an indication that any violation of any federal securities law has occurred or as a reflection upon&#13;the merits of any person
 company
 or securities involved. Since receiving the letter

    

&#13;2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#8220;Act&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law&#13;by
 among other things
 reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a&#13;modified territorial tax system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction

 we have made reasonable estimates of the provisions of the Act and recognized&#13;a $378 discrete net tax benefit in our 2017 financial statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect&#13;the new tax rate. The final impact of the Act may differ from this estimate due to changes in interpretations of the Act
 any&#13;legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Act

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision (benefit) for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local tax
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers&amp;#8217;&#13;    deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Changes for tax positions&#13;    of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in tax rates (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change&#13;    in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision&#13;    (benefit) for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;57.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated&#13;    depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total net deferred tax&#13;    liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment&#13;    impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total net deferred tax&#13;    assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1

 our calendar&#13;year 2014 and subsequent federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if&#13;recognized
 would impact the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31

 respectively. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets&#13;was approximately $171 and $19 at December 31
 2017 and 2016


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision (benefit) for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State and local tax
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers&amp;#8217;&#13;    deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Changes for tax positions&#13;    of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in tax rates (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change&#13;    in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision&#13;    (benefit) for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;57.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated&#13;    depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total net deferred tax&#13;    liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment&#13;    impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total net deferred tax&#13;    assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1

    

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31

    

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 65%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31


 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is a tart and tangy cultured milk smoothie that is&#13;high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive blend of kefir cultures

 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers.&#13;As of December 31
 2017
 Lifeway offered over 50 varieties of our kefir products including more than 20 flavors. In addition to&#13;our core drinkable kefir products
 we offer Kefir Cups
 a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
&#13;a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in resealable 5 oz. containers with mini-spoons. We also offer Lifeway Elixir
&#13;a line of non-dairy
 sparkling organic probiotic beverages
 as well as probiotic supplements for adults and children. In late&#13;2017
 we also announced that we would begin offering Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt
 and Plantiful

 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic&#13;    sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic&#13;    cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable&#13;    cups.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct&#13;    of making our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable
 frozen
 and freeze&#13;    dried formats
 designed for children.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other Dairy
 which include Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a&#13;    line of strained kefir and yogurt products in a resealable cups.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Frozen Kefir

 who is responsible&#13;for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the&#13;Chief Operating Officer

514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;76%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;96
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cheese&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cream and other (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ProBugs Kefir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other dairy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Frozen Kefir (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;123

 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&#13;Two major customers accounted for approximately 19% and 25% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&#13;Our ten largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 59% and 58% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2017&#13;and 2016


 2015
 Lifeway&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&amp;#8221;)&#13;under which we may
 from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the&#13;lesser of $3
500 or 250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2017 amendment&amp;#8221;)
&#13;by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the&#13;lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including&#13;without limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws&#13;and regulations
 including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which&#13;Lifeway repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
&#13;regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
&#13;and the program may be terminated
 suspended
 increased

 during the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately&#13;$10.07 per share. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately&#13;$10.68 per share. Approximately $1
418 remained available under this program as of December 31


000 during the years ended December 31

&#13;2016
 Lifeway entered into an endorsement agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 our Chairperson of&#13;the Board. Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide&#13;and
 except as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
&#13;exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky&amp;#8217;s name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement).&#13;As consideration for such license
 Lifeway agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each product or item we sell&#13;during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky&amp;#8217;s first name
 last name
 or other identifying personal characteristics;&#13;provided however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms.&#13;Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by Ms. Smolyansky are included in selling expenses&#13;in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and were $600 during the years ended&#13;December 31


514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;76%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;96
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cheese&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cream and other (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ProBugs Kefir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other dairy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Frozen Kefir (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;118
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;123

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Lifeway stockholders approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares&#13;to satisfy awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance&#13;shares and performance units. At December 31
 2017
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Lifeway&#13;has not established a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards&#13;in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock&#13;units

 Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options&#13;on July 1
 2016 (the &amp;#8220;2016 options&amp;#8221;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31

 2017 and 2016 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income&#13;(loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $41 and $134
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related&#13;benefits of $17 and $51 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested&#13;stock options was $19



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 65%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31

 2017 and 2016 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized&#13;in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $18 and $1
 respectively. For the years ended&#13;December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related benefits of $7 and $0
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the&#13;total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSU&amp;#8217;s was $3

&#13;Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &amp;#8220;2016 Plan&amp;#8221;) for certain senior executives and key&#13;employees (the &amp;#8220;participants&amp;#8221;). The incentive compensation was based on the achievement of certain sales and adjusted&#13;EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets in 2016. Under the 2016 Plan
 the senior executives had the opportunity to&#13;earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $4
000 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance&#13;levels compared to the respective targets. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses&#13;of $1
720 under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was paid or was payable in cash at December 31


&#13;Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &amp;#8220;2017 Plan&amp;#8221;) for certain senior executives and key&#13;employees (the &amp;#8220;participants&amp;#8221;). The number of participants under the 2017 Plan was expanded from the 2016 Plan. Under&#13;the 2017 Plan
 incentive compensation was based on (a) the achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels&#13;versus respective targets in 2017
 and (b) for certain senior executives
 the achievement of individual performance objectives.&#13;Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in&#13;amounts ranging from $0 to $11

 2017
 incentive compensation earned by participants under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled&#13;through the issuance of stock
 subject to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive&#13;compensation recognized in the consolidated statement of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) under the 2017 Plan was&#13;$2
516. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to the 2017 Plan was $1
073 of which $710
&#13;$309 and $54 is expected to be recognized in 2018
 2019 and 2020 respectively

 2017 and 2016 total contribution expense recognized&#13;in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $376 and $368






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $2
010 and $1
600 at December 31
 2017 and 2016







      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 no par value; 2




 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
008 and 16



      






      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      






      










      


      












      














      










      











      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 Plant and Equipment











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      

      


      


      

      


      


      





      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      







 net























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      





      


      






      

      


      





      



 options outstanding















 options outstanding































      










      






      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      







      

      

      

      


      

      

      




      







      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      








 Plant and Equipment



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Maturities



 Maturities





      


 Property









 Gross





      








 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options


      











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Mar. 13
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017








































  2017





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



877
122











423
070

























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











978


812



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $2
010 and $1
600 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

676


594



Inventories
 net

697


042












347







681


542



Property and equipment
 net

645


832












068


068



Other intangible assets
 net



647





043


715












519


214












166







848


718





984


169












201


381





113


279







192












929


852










Preferred stock
 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2017 and 2016






Common stock
 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 16
008 and 16
154 shares outstanding at 2017 and 2016

509


509





244


198



Treasury stock
 at cost

812)


340)





649


995





590


362





519


214

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
























































Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











010


600










Preferred stock
 no par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

500


500



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 no par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Common stock
 shares issued

274


274



Common stock
 shares outstanding

008


154







For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











893


879





757


524





440


323





197


847





696


032





595


467





955


783












222


947







085

















Loss on sale of investments
 net reclassified from OCI































637







158







479



















105


155





105


160














479



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:






Unrealized gains on investments
 net of $0 and $38 of taxes













Realized (gains) losses on investments
 net of $0 and $6 of taxes










550







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.


















































































































The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold during the reporting period
 excluding depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization.






















































































The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.














































































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Unrealized gains on investment
 tax portion






Realized (gains) losses on investments
 tax portion



































































Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 after reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands








Beginning Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2015

274













Beginning Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2015



064)











Beginning Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2015

509


730)


033


516




257


















Treasury stock purchased
 Shares














Treasury stock purchased
 Amount














Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares





























Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options
 shares














Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options
 value





































479




479



Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2016

374










274



Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2016



120)











Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2016

509


340)


198


995




362



Treasury stock purchased
 Shares














Treasury stock purchased
 Amount



486)








486)



Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares



























































Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2017

274










274



Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2017



266)











Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2017

509


812)


244


649




590




































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













479












112


020



Loss on sale of investments
 net
































































038)





















130


673)














116





808


104





















751












341)


237)












316)














486)














326)


578)





834)


166





812


646





978


812










Cash paid for income taxes
 net of refunds

382


421










































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The net cash inflow or outflow in Interest-bearing Deposits by banks in other financial institutions for relatively short periods of time including
 for example
 certificates of deposits.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






The accompanying
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). Lifeway&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include
all of the assets
 liabilities and results of operations of Lifeway&#8217;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &#8220;Lifeway&#8221;
or the &#8220;Company&#8221;). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial
statements.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional
allowances
 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive
compensation
 and deferred income taxes.



Lifeway records
sales when the following four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and we have no significant remaining obligations;
(ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) Collection is
probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs are included in
cost of sales.

Lifeway routinely
offers sales allowances and discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo
allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered
reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
a reserve for the estimated allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant
and are recognized in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.

Bulk cream is
a by-product of Lifeway&#8217;s fluid milk manufacturing process. Lifeway does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
but rather disposes of it through sales to other companies. Bulk cream by-product sales are included in net sales.

Cash and cash
equivalents

Lifeway considers
cash and all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
and cash equivalents are stated at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.

Lifeway from
time to time may have bank deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and
cash equivalents.

Fair Value
Measurements

Fair value is
estimated by applying the following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases
the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Level 1
&#8211; 

Level 2
Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3.
Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability.

All investment
securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&#8217; equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature.
Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary
on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and
circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:
the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability
to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.&#160;Gross
gains of $0 and $185
 and gross losses of $0 and $200 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Lifeway&#8217;s
financial assets and liabilities which are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts
receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and notes payable for which carrying value approximates fair
value.



Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of
finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for
excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
plant and equipment

Property
 plant
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve
or extend the life of the assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
 plant
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Goodwill and
other intangible assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill
and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.

Intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other
intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Lifeway reviews
intangible assets for impairment at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant
customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the
size of the market for our products.

If the estimated
remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively
over the revised remaining useful life.

Long-lived assets
including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no
indicators of impairment in 2017 or 2016.



Deferred income
taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax
purposes in different periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are classified on a net basis as non-current.

The principal
sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;incentive
compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 and the allowance for doubtful accounts.

Lifeway has analyzed
filing positions in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open
tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than
not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals
or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.
Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement.
Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the
quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to
audit settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision
(benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

We monitor for
changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. In response to the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) enacted on December 22
 2017
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) issued
guidance that allows us to record provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting cannot be completed
before we file our 2017 financial statements. An estimated provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes has
been recorded in the provision (benefit) for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review of the implications of the Act will be
ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification and guidance are provided on how the IRS and state authorities will implement
tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance from the SEC or the FASB related to tax reform. See Note 9
 Income Taxes
for additional information on how we recorded the impacts of the U.S. tax reform.



Treasury stock
is recorded using the cost method.

Advertising
costs

Lifeway expenses
advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total advertising expenses were $7
402 and $6
859
respectively.

Earnings (loss)
per common share

Basic earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares issued and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the
effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
there were 0 and 5 common stock equivalents outstanding
 respectively.

Recently Adopted
Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2018
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2018-05
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Amendments to
SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#8220;SAB&#8221;) No. 118. The new guidance adds SEC Staff views on
income tax accounting implications of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) signed into law in December 2017. The amendments
in this Update provide guidance on accounting and disclosure for certain income tax effects of the Act which will be incomplete
at the time the financial statements are issued for the reporting period that includes the enactment date of December 2017. The
Company adopted this guidance in Q4 2017 and has included disclosure of the provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred
income taxes recorded in Footnote 9.

In March 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting
for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
and classification in the statement of cash flows. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies are no longer recognized
as additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. The adoption
of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In November 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies
the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation
allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to
be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. Lifeway
elected to adopt this guidance as of the first fiscal quarter in 2017 and has applied the update on a retrospective basis. Lifeway
changed its accounting principle to reduce the cost and complexity inherent in recording deferred taxes as current and noncurrent
on the consolidated balance sheets. As a result
 Lifeway has reclassified $662 of current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred
tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016.

In July 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is
that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. This
guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. The new
guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to the terms
or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms
or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The new guidance
will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption
of the guidance is permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

In January 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance
simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires
an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative
impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted
for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment
is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance
is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after
an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal
years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted.
The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the
balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options
to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance
sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which
requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption.
We do not intend to early adopt the standard. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on
the consolidated financial statements.

In January
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies
how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income (loss) unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will
be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of
the guidance is not permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

In May 2014
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including
most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &#8220;full retrospective&#8221;
adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning
the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced
disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On
August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies
narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for
ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
we are required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018. We will adopt the new standard on January 1
 2018 on
a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption
 we expect the new standard will not have a material impact on our results of operations
or financial position.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





3. Inventories
 net


Dec. 31
 2017








Inventories consisted
of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
717
2
256

    
2
453
2
770

    
3
527
3
016

Total inventories
 net
7
697
8
042





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 plant
and equipment consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
260
16
428

    
27
539
23
122

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
683
1
873

    
49
864
44
727

    
(25
219
(22
895

Total property
 plant and equipment
 net
24
645
21
832





































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








Goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

Goodwill and indefinite
    lived intangible assets
14
068
14
068


Other intangible
assets
 net consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
269
(6
597

Intangible assets
    net
    
1
647


The estimated
annual intangible asset amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2017 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








Accrued expenses
consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
2
208
1
560

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
984
2
169










 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








Notes payable
consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal
    and interest (4.07% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
2
832
3
339

    
    
    

Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal
    and interest (3.86% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
3
447
3
780

    
6
279
7
119

    
(3
166
    

    
3
113
6
279


The variable
rate term loans are subject to interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR rate plus 2.5% and are collateralized by substantially
all of Lifeway&#8217;s assets. In addition
 under the terms of the related agreements
 Lifeway is subject to a minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio and a minimum tangible net worth threshold
 which among other things may limit our ability to pay dividends or
repurchase shares of  common stock. Further
 under the agreements Lifeway is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial
statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes. Although we were not in compliance with the minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio covenant at December 31
 2017
 we have obtained a waiver of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio through December
31
 2018.

In addition
Lifeway has a $5 million revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the facility are subject to interest at the prime rate or
LIBOR plus 2.5%. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 there were no borrowings under the facility. The facility expires in July 2018.

Future maturities
of notes payable at December 31
 2017
 are as follows:



    
3
166

    
3
113

    
6
279





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










Lifeway leases
three retail stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary
 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases.
Total lease expense was $702 and $509 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Future annual minimum base
rental payments under non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2017 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




Lifeway is engaged
in various legal actions
 claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product
liabilities
 intellectual property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.

We record accruals
for outstanding legal matters when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably
estimated. We evaluate
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments
that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually
or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding
legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have
a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.

Lifeway&#8217;s
contingencies are subject to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors:
(i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome
of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved;
(vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions
in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate;
and (viii) the status of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot
predict with any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss
or range of loss.

In a letter dated
May 19
 2016
 Lifeway received a request to voluntarily produce documents in connection with a confidential
 informal inquiry
by the Division of Enforcement of the SEC concerning Lifeway&#8217;s internal controls
 disclosure controls procedures
 and internal
control over financial reporting for fiscal years 2013 through the date of the letter. The SEC has informed Lifeway that the inquiry
should not be construed as an indication that any violation of any federal securities law has occurred or as a reflection upon
the merits of any person
 company
 or securities involved. Since receiving the letter
 Lifeway has been cooperating with the SEC
and will continue to do so.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








On December 22
2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law
by
 among other things
 reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a
modified territorial tax system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction
and limiting the tax deductions for interest expense and certain executive compensation.

While our accounting
for income taxes under the Act is not yet complete
 we have made reasonable estimates of the provisions of the Act and recognized
a $378 discrete net tax benefit in our 2017 financial statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect
the new tax rate. The final impact of the Act may differ from this estimate due to changes in interpretations of the Act
 any
legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Act
 or any updates or changes to estimates the Company has
utilized to calculate the impacts. We anticipate that these estimates will be finalized with the filing of the 2017 income tax
return.

The provision
for income taxes consists of the following:



    
For the Years Ended
    December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
117

    
    
    

    
    
2
689

    
    
    

    
    
2
158


A reconciliation of the U.S. federal
statutory rate to the effective tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal income
    tax computed at the statutory rate
    
    
    
1
917
    

State and local tax
 net
    
    
    
    
    

U.S. domestic manufacturers&#8217;
    deduction &#38; other permanent differences
    
    
    
    
    

Changes for tax positions
    of prior years
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in tax estimate
    
    
    
    
    

Provision
    (benefit) for income taxes
    
    
    
2
158
    



Includes
                                         the estimated impact of the Act in 2017.

Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Accumulated
    depreciation and amortization
(1
784
(1
854

Total net deferred tax
    liabilities
(1
784
(1
854

    
    
    

    
    
    

Capital loss carry-forward &#38; investment
    impairment
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total net deferred tax
    assets
    
    

    
    
(1
192


A reconciliation
of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Lifeway is subject
to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar
year 2014 and subsequent federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if
recognized
 would impact the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2017 and 2016.

The amount of
interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately
$152 and $19 during 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets
was approximately $171 and $19 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








In December 2015
Lifeway stockholders approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares
to satisfy awards of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance
shares and performance units. At December 31
 2017
 3.448 million shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Lifeway
has not established a pace for the frequency of awards under the Omnibus plan
 and may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards
in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock
units
&#160;and&#160;stock options to attract and retain new and existing executives.

Pursuant to the
Omnibus Incentive Plan
 Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options
on July 1
 2016 (the &#8220;2016 options&#8221;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on a relatively accelerated
basis. The accelerated vesting reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of individual participants.

The following table summarizes stock
option activity during the year ended December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    exercise price
    
    
    

    remaining contractual life
    
    
    
    intrinsic value
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


For the years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income
(loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $41 and $134
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related
benefits of $17 and $51 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested
stock options was $19
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.30 years.

We measure the
fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the
weighted average time of vesting and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient
historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.

The following assumptions were used
for the 2016 stock option grants:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




Pursuant to the
2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 Lifeway granted 2 Restricted Stock Units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) to certain key employees in December
2016. An RSU represents the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise price.


The following table summarizes RSU
activity during the year ended December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


We expense RSU&#8217;s
over the service period. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized
in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $18 and $1
 respectively. For the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016 tax-related benefits of $7 and $0
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2017
 the
total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSU&#8217;s was $3
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average
remaining service period of 0.96 years.



In March 2016
Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;) for certain senior executives and key
employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;). The incentive compensation was based on the achievement of certain sales and adjusted
EBITDA performance levels versus respective targets in 2016. Under the 2016 Plan
 the senior executives had the opportunity to
earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $4
000 for fiscal 2016 depending on the performance
levels compared to the respective targets. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 senior executive participants earned bonuses
of $1
720 under the 2016 Plan
 all of which was paid or was payable in cash at December 31
 2016.

In December 2016
Lifeway awarded 12 shares of fully vested common stock to key employee participants. Stock-based compensation of $191 was recognized in 2016.

In January 2017
Lifeway established an incentive-based compensation program (the &#8220;2017 Plan&#8221;) for certain senior executives and key
employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;). The number of participants under the 2017 Plan was expanded from the 2016 Plan. Under
the 2017 Plan
 incentive compensation was based on (a) the achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels
versus respective targets in 2017
 and (b) for certain senior executives
 the achievement of individual performance objectives.
Under the 2017 Plan
 collectively the participants had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in
amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&#8217;s performance levels compared to the respective targets and the
senior executive&#8217;s performance compared to their individual objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation
is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the three years from the 2017 grant dates.

For the year
ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation earned by participants under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled
through the issuance of stock
 subject to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive
compensation recognized in the consolidated statement of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) under the 2017 Plan was
$2
516. As of December 31
 2017
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to the 2017 Plan was $1
073 of which $710
$309 and $54 is expected to be recognized in 2018
 2019 and 2020 respectively
 subject to vesting.

Retirement
Benefits

Lifeway has a
defined contribution plan which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan Lifeway matches
employee contributions under a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total contribution expense recognized
in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) was $376 and $368
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers


Dec. 31
 2017






Segments
 Products and Customers

Lifeway&#8217;s
primary product is drinkable kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is a tart and tangy cultured milk smoothie that is
high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and
active cultures and 15 to 20 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming Units) at the time of manufacture.

We manufacture
(directly or through co-packers) our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers.
As of December 31
 2017
 Lifeway offered over 50 varieties of our kefir products including more than 20 flavors. In addition to
our core drinkable kefir products
 we offer Kefir Cups
 a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in resealable 5 oz. containers with mini-spoons. We also offer Lifeway Elixir
a line of non-dairy
 sparkling organic probiotic beverages
 as well as probiotic supplements for adults and children. In late
2017
 we also announced that we would begin offering Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt
 and Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic
beverage made from organic and non-GMO pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures.

Our product categories
are:



    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic
    sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic
    cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable
    cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct
    of making our 

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable
 frozen
 and freeze
    dried formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which include Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a
    line of strained kefir and yogurt products in a resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.


Lifeway has determined
that it has one reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the
Chief Operating Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated
revenues relate to the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to
consumers through a common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.

Net sales of
products by category were as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
514
    
96
782
    

    
11
516
    
11
007
    

    
6
527
    
6
114
    

    
4
537
    
6
722
    

    
4
138
    
1
279
    

    
1
661
    
1
975
    

    
118
893
    
123
879
    



Includes
                                         cream byproducts and other non-dairy products for resale

Includes
                                         Lifeway Kefir Shop sales

Significant
 &#8211; Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two
major customers accounted for approximately 22% and 23% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.
Two major customers accounted for approximately 19% and 25% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.
Our ten largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 59% and 58% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2017
and 2016
 respectively.&#160;



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








On September
24
 2015
 Lifeway&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&#8221;)
under which we may
 from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the
lesser of $3
500 or 250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2017 amendment&#8221;)
by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the
lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including
without limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws
and regulations
 including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which
Lifeway repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
and the program may be terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.

Pursuant to the
share repurchase program
 during the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately
$10.07 per share. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company repurchased 69 shares at a cost of $738
 or approximately
$10.68 per share. Approximately $1
418 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2017.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








The Company obtains
consulting services from the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and were
$1
000 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

On March 14
2016
 Lifeway entered into an endorsement agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Ludmila Smolyansky
 our Chairperson of
the Board. Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky grants an unlimited
 perpetual
 non-exclusive
 worldwide
and
 except as set forth therein
 royalty free
 right to use
 reuse
 publish
 reproduce
 perform
 copy
 create derivative works
exhibit
 broadcast and display Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s name
 image and likeness in Marketing Materials (as defined in the Agreement).
As consideration for such license
 Lifeway agrees to pay Ms. Smolyansky a royalty equal to $0.02 for each product or item we sell
during each calendar month bearing Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s first name
 last name
 or other identifying personal characteristics;
provided however that such royalty will not exceed $50 in any month and such royalty payments will cease upon the death of Ms.
Smolyansky. The Agreement was effective as of January 1
 2016. Royalties earned by Ms. Smolyansky are included in selling expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and were $600 during the years ended
December 31
 2017 and 2016.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional
allowances
 the fair value of investment securities
 the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive
compensation
 and deferred income taxes.







Lifeway records
sales when the following four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and we have no significant remaining obligations;
(ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) Collection is
probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related costs are included in
cost of sales.

Lifeway routinely
offers sales allowances and discounts to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 in-store display and demo
allowances
 allowances for non-saleable product
 coupons and other trade promotional activities. These allowances are considered
reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
a reserve for the estimated allowances incurred but unpaid. Differences between estimated and actual allowances are normally insignificant
and are recognized in income in the period such differences are determined. Product returns have historically not been material.

Bulk cream is
a by-product of Lifeway&#8217;s fluid milk manufacturing process. Lifeway does not use bulk cream in any of its end products
but rather disposes of it through sales to other companies. Bulk cream by-product sales are included in net sales.





Cash and cash
equivalents

Lifeway considers
cash and all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
and cash equivalents are stated at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.

Lifeway from
time to time may have bank deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and
cash equivalents.






Fair Value
Measurements

Fair value is
estimated by applying the following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases
the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Level 1
&#8211; 

Level 2
Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3.
Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability.

All investment
securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&#8217; equity to the extent they are considered temporary in nature.
Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary
on available-for-sale securities are recorded as a component of other income. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and
circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred include:
the fair value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability
to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the fair value of the investment.&#160;Gross
gains of $0 and $185
 and gross losses of $0 and $200 were realized on the sales of investments during the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Lifeway&#8217;s
financial assets and liabilities which are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts
receivable
 other receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and notes payable for which carrying value approximates fair
value.







Inventories are
stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of
finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for
excess or obsolete inventory.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
plant and equipment

Property
 plant
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve
or extend the life of the assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
 plant
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







Goodwill and
other intangible assets 

Goodwill represents
the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill
and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.

Intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other
intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    









Lifeway reviews
intangible assets for impairment at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant
customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the
size of the market for our products.

If the estimated
remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively
over the revised remaining useful life.

Long-lived assets
including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no
indicators of impairment in 2017 or 2016.







Deferred income
taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax
purposes in different periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are classified on a net basis as non-current.

The principal
sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;incentive
compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 and the allowance for doubtful accounts.

Lifeway has analyzed
filing positions in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open
tax years in these jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than
not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals
or litigation processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.
Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement.
Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the
quarter of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to
audit settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision
(benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

We monitor for
changes in tax laws and reflect the impacts of tax law changes in the period of enactment. In response to the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) enacted on December 22
 2017
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) issued
guidance that allows us to record provisional amounts for the impacts of U.S. tax reform if the full accounting cannot be completed
before we file our 2017 financial statements. An estimated provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes has
been recorded in the provision (benefit) for income taxes for 2017. However
 our review of the implications of the Act will be
ongoing throughout 2018 as additional clarification and guidance are provided on how the IRS and state authorities will implement
tax reform. We will also watch for additional guidance from the SEC or the FASB related to tax reform. See Note 9
 Income Taxes
for additional information on how we recorded the impacts of the U.S. tax reform.







Treasury stock
is recorded using the cost method.





Advertising
costs

Lifeway expenses
advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 total advertising expenses were $7
402 and $6
859
respectively.






Earnings (loss)
per common share

Basic earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares issued and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the
effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
there were 0 and 5 common stock equivalents outstanding
 respectively.





Recently Adopted
Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2018
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2018-05
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Amendments to
SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#8220;SAB&#8221;) No. 118. The new guidance adds SEC Staff views on
income tax accounting implications of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) signed into law in December 2017. The amendments
in this Update provide guidance on accounting and disclosure for certain income tax effects of the Act which will be incomplete
at the time the financial statements are issued for the reporting period that includes the enactment date of December 2017. The
Company adopted this guidance in Q4 2017 and has included disclosure of the provisional impact of the remeasurement of deferred
income taxes recorded in Footnote 9.

In March 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation-Stock Compensation &#8211; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
The new guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting
for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
and classification in the statement of cash flows. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and deficiencies are no longer recognized
as additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. The adoption
of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In November 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes &#8211; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This new guidance simplifies
the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 along with any related valuation
allowance
 be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax assets and liabilities to
be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. This guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. Lifeway
elected to adopt this guidance as of the first fiscal quarter in 2017 and has applied the update on a retrospective basis. Lifeway
changed its accounting principle to reduce the cost and complexity inherent in recording deferred taxes as current and noncurrent
on the consolidated balance sheets. As a result
 Lifeway has reclassified $662 of current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred
tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016.

In July 2015
the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory &#8211; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. The core principal of the guidance is
that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. This
guidance was effective on January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.





Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting. The new
guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to the terms
or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this Update provide guidance about which changes to the terms
or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The new guidance
will be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption
of the guidance is permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

In January 2017
the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance
simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires
an entity to perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative
impairment test is necessary. The new guidance will be effective for annual periods or any interim goodwill impairment tests in
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. The amendment should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted
for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this amendment
is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance
is intended to address the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after
an acquisition
 proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. The new guidance will be effective for fiscal
years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted.
The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the
balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments and options
to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized in the balance
sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach
 which
requires application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption.
We do not intend to early adopt the standard. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on
the consolidated financial statements.

In January
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies
how entities measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
entities will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income (loss) unless certain conditions exist. The new guidance will
be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of
the guidance is not permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have an impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

In May 2014
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including
most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either &#8220;full retrospective&#8221;
adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning
the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced
disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. On
August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one year delay of the effective date to reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective date. In December 2016
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which clarifies
narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements for
ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
we are required to adopt the new standard not later than January 1
 2018. We will adopt the new standard on January 1
 2018 on
a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption
 we expect the new standard will not have a material impact on our results of operations
or financial position.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
717
2
256

    
2
453
2
770

    
3
527
3
016

Total inventories
 net
7
697
8
042




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment


    
December 31


    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
260
16
428

    
27
539
23
122

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
683
1
873

    
49
864
44
727

    
(25
219
(22
895

Total property
 plant and equipment
 net
24
645
21
832




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

Goodwill and indefinite
    lived intangible assets
14
068
14
068







    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
269
(6
597

Intangible assets
    net
    
1
647







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.




























Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
2
208
1
560

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
984
2
169














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal
    and interest (4.07% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
2
832
3
339

    
    
    

Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal
    and interest (3.86% at December 31
 2017) payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity.
3
447
3
780

    
6
279
7
119

    
(3
166
    

    
3
113
6
279







    
3
166

    
3
113

    
6
279




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
For the Years Ended
    December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
117

    
    
    

    
    
2
689

    
    
    

    
    
2
158







    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal income
    tax computed at the statutory rate
    
    
    
1
917
    

State and local tax
 net
    
    
    
    
    

U.S. domestic manufacturers&#8217;
    deduction &#38; other permanent differences
    
    
    
    
    

Changes for tax positions
    of prior years
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in tax estimate
    
    
    
    
    

Provision
    (benefit) for income taxes
    
    
    
2
158
    







    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Accumulated
    depreciation and amortization
(1
784
(1
854

Total net deferred tax
    liabilities
(1
784
(1
854

    
    
    

    
    
    

Capital loss carry-forward &#38; investment
    impairment
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total net deferred tax
    assets
    
    

    
    
(1
192







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







    
    
    
    
    
    

    exercise price
    
    
    

    remaining contractual life
    
    
    
    intrinsic value
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017









    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
514
    
96
782
    

    
11
516
    
11
007
    

    
6
527
    
6
114
    

    
4
537
    
6
722
    

    
4
138
    
1
279
    

    
1
661
    
1
975
    

    
118
893
    
123
879
    








Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life








Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
































402


859










































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











717


256





453


770





527


016





697


042



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property and equipment
 gross

864


727





219)


895)





645


832










Property and equipment
 gross

747


747










Property and equipment
 gross

260


428










Property and equipment
 gross

539


122










Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross

683


873







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











368


368





700


700





068


068





























































































Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




244


244





269)


597)



Intangible assets
 net



647


























529


529


























248


248





















Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


































647







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











208


560



















984


169




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




279


119





166)







113


279












832


339





  2018





















447


780





  2019













































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











166







113







279


119



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000














  2018
















The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Future minimum lease payment
 2018




Future minimum lease payment
 2019




Future minimum lease payment
 2020




Future minimum lease payment
 2021




Future minimum lease payment
 2022






































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
















































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













117














689














158
























































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













917



State and local tax expense
 net






































158



Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate
 percentage






State and local tax expense
 net
 percentage






U.S. domestic manufacturers' deduction &amp; other permanent differences
 percentage






Additions for tax positions of prior years
 percentage






Change in tax rates
 percentage






Change in tax estimate
 percentage






Provision for income taxes
 percentage






























































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.

























































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











784)


854)





784)


854)































































192)







Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.












































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning balance




















Unrecognized tax benefits
 ending balance










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands










Options outstanding
 beginning balance | shares



















Options outstanding
 ending balance | shares









Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 beginning balance | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options granted | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercised | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options forfeited | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 ending balance | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercisable | $ / shares




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 outstanding




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 exercisable




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options outstanding | $




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options exercisable | $

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Risk-free interest rate
 minimum




Risk-free interest rate
 maximum









Expected volatility
 minimum




Expected volatility
 maximum










































Discloses use of the simplified method to calculate the expected term that stock option awards under the specified plan will exist before being exercised or terminated
 the reason and justification for its use
 and the periods for which the method was used if it was not used in all periods presented.




























The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















RSU's outstanding
 beginning balance



















RSU's outstanding
 ending balance













The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








































































































720

















Shares issued for compensation
 shares















500







448




























073







589





Stock issued for compensation
 value

610







979







516






































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.




























The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.

























































Payments of cash to employees
 including wages and salaries
 during the current period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




893


879



















514


782



















516


007



















527


114



















537


722



















138


279



















661


975














For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details Narrative)



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Two Customers [Member]













Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Ten Customers [Member]































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











500







418





Stock repurchased during period
 amount

486





Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]






Stock repurchased during period
 shares






Stock repurchased during period
 amount

486


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




955


783





595


467












000


000





















The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DP?(\\#P    !




M/OVMG&W

S


S=V0


=Z;$MNWD'


M^%V$_6#=SOUCX[.@ZN#77:@O4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DR97)PC$ 8  )PG   3








H%N


M9T)\S_;VD:4E

B

C?
E1M'V5;S<HY=8%0&7&-\TJC4L

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G-- \)0O)/I*D8]I

%.70[@:0KX#;;J=
MW#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\EAW'B/*B

M8#%;Q@
KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*WF6Q
MP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\






M965T
2YX;6Q]5NUNVR 4?17+#U 

M^V%







\R_J]W;
';M4DJPTE;?KM?Z-%\O
M2_D?87R 6 +$+0#4=P/D$B!10'IU-J?Z2S56VW7?75;]]6N=JZE3P)

C;F;
W<<CB\558F;):98HEUN4!Q59X)WHE@GBCJ1R
E5HN\K
;E!3JC(








M
'QA_&Z38/
M]_WU..CZ
';GY:@KO9VW;?\'4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DR^2:CN5 (  %X(   8






OS8-8O^VF-!^XT/_OO!:7RJA%H*RZ- %_\3B5[=G<A9
54YU



AG PP

B_ ]02P,$%
M  @ &&!^32?GU8<!   .!




MGN!QJ_40



M@Y'C(S$^&N.C^_B8C




M8L^X@))AHK@;I#11/)%.#;4CRA+KF3/@@1MP/YKZ 98H3BBA)%'J&QL1@T^
MW LC+?() 8C
&55.A9D4 &)W!R6DI.X%2DW!0D2_-K Q.X.2TE)S




MZ-



.Y]43^L!  #C!


!#]%8L/6'
)9!4!
MTB95U4JM%&W5[K











C^\VJ3_6[ )OC]^S[_O!


ME%&@MP*56;!039219!E)E(G!: :-NBFC(C3/6+1(8@%G&JMX*


M
5DDQD4XF

M::;0K.8$3#F$;1T%A$T







M-\'X#FGSU!+ P04      88'Y

M:&5E='





4B

L;22 NBQ[:)

)*IEJ)4MDC6N
9
M%A/BG ^!D50F?:C'/Q%)L0.B;@7QF/$ R  SF31C5#LVD\D'1$RQQPQ$U9
A

!INQ
MP(Q:::Q.
;8B*P,(FM]HXVI1XAZ
A-( TVF 9!0

P\ EM#G0::9LJ+EECC2T@
/ );0YT%B&4L%[ =DC'--E;WAC#S2.\2



MY 9@$MTS:[[!G?P F;&)KW\P1!E U$J(








DJ01()DD\$R56+



=G$FH9(+XDLPOE8YW01!(*%T@8'[
M[0KW(&4@\C)^3YQT3AF R_



$%     @ &&!^3#WV
MQ72V 0  T@


.I)5K[-Z1TE%=1B4/[1C)]A

MBN'KF6(?N2@F^E./%_X'P;OM]4N(_P_5\*_Y
_W21((T&Z)DCYNQ(W8@[O

MFA99])U



\U

G!^Y[4P9G;$6\\^*M]UZ*Y':?L4L@FF..4PQ?
MQRP1S+




BYX;6QM4V%OVR 0_2N(


U#F]WQQ/NQ ? YX%#'9Q)J&2^)+,+Y6.4V()!0NL# _7:%!Y R



M]1]L-B34+ASW_FS&
1L-A]WT@]C\C8N_4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DQ_)$U@M@$





M&Z?)HDH/*D[RRKL
[ V-;_(6/DW[3V9:KBPZ:^=?-O:_T=J!E[*[\B/4^0^V
M& (:%XY?_=E

_2N('S!:


@#GYW?VAU@[UG(6#NZ








M!IJWJ?'TS[$QX? D:[.I-0R07Q.1A?ZH(F01!(J%Q@X'Z[P@-(&8B\C-\S
M)UU2!N#Z_

5
M(&531:W42JM439^]


+

@&0!W


=HXSRK@!  #2 P  &0






+2E'\9=R%COLPWNS3;8.29 
@
.
0\;$T7E#]SS(K-F

F2
8LL\IDK44

OS:9T+8!  #2 P  &0



2XSFXK_#&80/#TI\
MCDH+&U=4#=9I.;-X*9*]33M7<1^GF_1ZAFT#Z R@^ FYB%3HJC\GCE6YD:/
%_+)-@BP29)\(TB\E;L5D7Y*054\EF#9.DT65'E2<
MY)5W&=A;&M_D(WR:]A_










TQIRF&KV+2)8)Y]B4%WTIQXO_!
M^39\MZEP%^&[-3Q-M@GVFP3[2+#_AR!]5^)6S'N5;-53#::)TV1)B4
7)WGE


MR7#8SS^(+=^X^ -02P
$%     @ &&!^3/F

M(564K*;J2;2L


.+=
)H_?
M VDX:MK Z?B#_;
KWA1SIHH]_ZKNNAR'V[X
*N]
[UB^B^L*&@) R&ZK^Q
M!^
&;C
Q&H7@ROT&Q5UI40\L)I6:OO?/JG'/KG^3I$


!Q!HR0?P




ZS(E)R0FL]^
M8.Z*XSVU9U.ZH#\*OV?-:QL]%S2)
G)V1 OF


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(S+GAM;'53VV[;, S]%4$?
M46*VQ2!;:#I

.25'I8.RS

H*49'RSN6%*M)KF
M:?2=;)Z:WLM6P\D2URLE[)\C2#-D=$O?'(]MW?C@8'G:B1I^@O_5G2Q:;&8I
M6P7:M483U5&[[:'8Q+B8\#O%@:W.)-0R=F8YV!\*S.Z0F!A


^ VZK!1
M*&;^17B1I]8

MG2




MA#-7[,F74(&XOK\JOXQUHZU7(6#1Z-^RLJW.3U24D$M!N6?S/@)YGKN*9F+
M_P(W4 @/F6
TB@75U(.SAL]JV J6KQ


MFHO_!5?@%NXRL1J%Y-I_43%H(\7
8E
1['5:V\ZOXW021W-8.(#. 70).'@=
M


M9'F0\C=02P
$%     @ &&!^3%7WF)NX 0  T@





M971S+W-H965T
U#^I-%&,N=-TQ+;&V!U#)*T
WF03CI=Y]%U



.:3M]Y[*^EAFY-;()HQYPE#5YAW!/'LBP1-29SI?^$T';Y+9KB+
MX;NU^O&0)M@G?:18/]/B?2NQ!1FEQ;)DB)9@F!_)Y+9'<B9-4X::-3]:B


D:1;9

_N*0#FE?; #CRIE5K
M



M.! S]KX3X8DW1^Y[4P1G;$6\\\E;[[WF?+]/V34(39C3B.$+S&9&
*\^A^!K
M(4[\/SI?IV]7

MJQRU6@\GC%79 J?J3@S0FY-:2$ZU
66#U2!5BZ(,TS



7V&I9X8!4OQ7^$&
MS






YX;6QU5-MNW 0_17$!P2;]5ZRLBUE$U6M

MNE!*9^GX#+






V^[M7DT#
QE&]O-;0)8'*?\#4$L#
M!!0    ( !A@?DQ[C

M=#


GR




M]=Y+0??7&;D$H0ES'#%T@=G

M

2$A&DI%.U29L4=5KWV2%'0+4QM9W0_?O9




 V/


GCYT
II0'K

_E?4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DQW

S+GAM;(U6VXZ;
M


M8'$4S5G)BRI
BQ$H7L@H4GC;A%M8[6+H CW@IL-%W\\5<I#RU2V^'3=A
MY!2AP


MQ!]*I# 3.LF
3#(C*8TP9PDF(]026%F=)(%F61!$,QI@B5)L!RADL(LZ0K
M
LF*(%C2!!#1_^IHA$X2M!K(

$%     @ &&!^
M3 5.1$







U+GAM;'U4[8Z;

%\72- :CB=6JF5

M.^+:=83_/0)E8^;Z[CWQTEX:J1


M)J[W=_5GT[OJY4P$%(S^;BO99.ZCZU10DRN5+VS\ G

S7^#&U %UTY4
MC9)187Z=\BHDZV859:4C;]/:]F8=IY/H3K
3\$S \$/_TL(9D*P(:#)F6GU
MB4B2IYR-#I_^K('H.^$? C7,4B?-[,R9ZE:H[T/L)^BFQ::




Y/J2S+WO69

MEKD2UI

F;5+5J=NUFS@)*F!F.TGW]K
-16 .6V[ -O\Y
M_GYL#EY=A7Q5)\YU\%97C5J')ZW;^RA2NQ.OF;H3+6_
DX.0-=.F*X^1:B5G







#&-/3. BI+1IIO %!,,7=3+PM

/

MAZ.A4_&#MLW

.=2F6-T!


M#U@#AB2* *F;JFJE5HJV:O?9@4- :V-J.V'[]_6%182@YB7V.9X9SSC&V2#D


Q?U
]6TR*08 NG_K)[:.Q'MB3G
TC;=V;DUDU:9[K4@)
[P



9
LS'A
.MN&;

9*NFHE7;&2+JRD

E(-N;IF0H&M;;3
MK9E+_P'Z0HM^?%OP]
 5_P!02P
$%     @ &&!^3)(Z/_5D @  K0@  !D




@


C&XQ%%
J'H-+'5U%:3(HPG

&.V FTVSQ;)I5$DU0





Y+GAM;'U4[VZ;





LSR3
M8@CD^+%Z9L\$V5$SS

MEK3F.:X:L5FC#/(R9:8*)_$8=[! UG

&62W@WL<9.L/OT]AJ3Q


Y0&8//D!  !O!0  &0   'AL+W=O


YX;6Q]5.V.G 4?17# RQ^ST?4I&/3M$F;3+9I
M^YO1.Z-9$ O
N'W[ KK&5=H_ Q?..9R#S




M





XE=!6S$:6]K*D;%7/?EV




7^PK8$H)8 T#+9^ETPRX(1PA

M4
0+% L%!#UP
CWH;M=]/YKX@5!1O'#E$5ALMLA[X'1 T
(=0'#)05#-F1X0
M! JG?IQ1J:XHOYBN)JR


$%     @



5=E Q]2#&* W*[60'=



MH&97KI_%^!FF?F(43



$H
M-N:YF 
.M;;3O9E+?VE\H

AZ4L



MYN*_P06HAIM

M
R'Z(








M

2=R0V F)'1\@\PQR1:2A&Y(XH0D#DBT@R3W$)R[(:D3DCH@\0Z2WD'R
MR
W(G(S
!OL309O;8!Z;;T1<^D%Z9Z[T
MQ;*_?\NY JT7/.AR._V^K0:%5IEIIN=BON6SH?BX/&!H?46KOU!+ P04


M;6Q]5.MNFS 4?A7+#U!S24
: 5*3:=JD38HZK?OMP.&BVIC9)G1O/U\HI0G;
M'VP??]]W+CZ'=!3R134 &KURUJD

MA@
;$# HM%6@9KG $1BS0B:
WY
FGEU:XG+_IO[9Y6YR.5
%1\%^M:5N
KS#

MD^PFVCHAF@C13 BW_R7$$R%^)[AJ$A^92_43U31/I1B1](_54]L3X3XVQ2RL

M[;I8H4(
G;9%6%CG07F

$%     @ &&!^3#YH







=S<
MJT;5ZMLP'2B<I=ZF:L_MA+0'R?IQ^ ?3%ZCX!U!+ P04      88'Y
HE#7





M].S ?W+]JW^29I=
7G9URSM5BRZ2?+^

MIX_+N(RC'=^S4Z-_B




U\
M21ANMCCLMBFB/@PD\AL_*

M[T(BC'P82.0/$

M3
/VZC]02P




 K <P!*_AE I@#B






[Z%C)W6G94IIGK
MMAB/XK&C^#!=
Z+YKK/YU!+ P04      88'Y





M'VA#0*26@&KY09[($0+*1M_




M^FLQ:3&4QK
%D\JV

1.O=SXR
MIX_
T8]LYB-;Y AF+I:(3__M1^[TD3M\Y#


F5VHN*%8Z% V2O0!<61(E* J

HD4)'UN(&?H'[U


M1#
AW/V7$$^$^(.0V.:=



MX#[9%D@V!1(KD'S:A?UJ%QQF9S'
%4G7C6Q@]ML^TDT?Z:V/Q4XX'^EMC?MP
MY6


$


MTDY

MQV$ )PC!&D.3 /^5(+1J[#61T32])H(9&&1@@($M!IXQ?!@1@8@(0$06(GH4

69,4E6)_Z36KU#7H[%1T;/4
MKXEZY_T=H6](U@[W'V^\A&W_ %!+ P04      88'Y






MG+^GFE:%%+
GE[
?J;WB\!B9LZEMTAV%^V?
*Y.]57$2%.1FB5;

M0Q##ODE$F




MS-5U9C!N 8-&VVUF]G(9#TN@Q;A./K*-W^HW4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DP0L0-H



]Z6L
WT-_[
MDS0K
KN4+8=.M:)#$JH#?MSLCSNK=X(?+0QJ


M#)]@VD^
T;3Y+W %9N2V$L

@UCY)M1J[6
M:-(<1TVXT&QF!3'N,R+T(8[A77J41'Z#K;?&K3.(_C&(5S6.FMAI.J<)_8C(
MBX@\B&2%B-Z*B+V(V(-(5XCX#O'N/XS$RT@\C-V*D=PQ C\B]2)2#^+]I&^

8^BNT5_Y

MYG\ 4$L#!!0    ( !A@?DQ;4E&Z8P


!#^*X@?4/ 9%1)I;3M$F;5'7:]IDF3H(*
M. 





2 :9^ JE(UD)=)%8+AC%
MAHO$2D1D%


#ART2.ZHSA3!2 
.HBU5JI8-E

(@8B#DPPW#@8Z1QJ:0*[/SF\X.[
@ :2NM&)Z,YN[
M &L&FHCK',4$)T#PU#@=UJ/034X<J2?<! @T@31VF, ,)YOA46KV$;+9R^/0
M\?4($Y@ @5.SHLEF)X\B1W,E3%!!'69P.RC#QSN:[)/]]B5$DP^0N1S' .$


M@TZ+4NQ4]SK3[\TPB T+)8_CD!E

MT?MY7
;1AF_9L=%/XOR-CP71.!JK_\%/O#'PGHE98RT:97^C]5%IT8Y9#)66
MO0W7NK/7\_D(&,8'$#& #(%X/S3@'0,2#\
EO\P

MK-\4^#XU8J[[2:N=?6:J56;VM

MD^L%5CXB1? **5A$:N.SJR*H4\2 R2VF&XK 95FE#A4 1M*RJ& Z&4@G ^CD


MW'








5V
L_$2;.Z@9WTU(ES*O]N


.&(((9]
M+!%A)3;137IT76![BX@#O$*
FHA=?G)E(IR8N



%*F2!$QP
M@B5*L+S#8993IP@F&AZS

=VU
M;X8?-'UK_D'EL6Z4MQ?:=!5W]TLA-!B)P8
Y-Y7Y&XP+!J6VT[F9R[XG]@LM



 WXU4#/)WM'.3E0^JH.7X^%ZZN $
E% .2RQ5V@+$BDF7\&3C=45(E






M
Q&#22




/ZBA!@J(3*@.1RA1U@K!))&L]#3G<LJ0*G^]?L#UJ[U') ''84_VF.



M1[*9E7+JWNDSJ99+[[5
PKSPKBK1@-D:3#C!!/D]G'$J&MQ#9


M-99=&1T3WP-$0A+*)



:

BK260H/
_4C[3JKSMX#MY6[=GF(2\:O^
A6N!0SFN1);?9




X5F05WD81?17Y3J9I?_Y)Y#!R[1X
M3/_TE^C@D#40.O8-!JUCG\[;Q9!V.-__Y

?E/Y29%U$
MBM\SZ3K]D)?E2[I?E-J*] %H*[BRO=_+AD*#M_]+\O;E'+F&W^OQK9!1FE


F]Y_;;0KD+\4E/&8EW@I2PWU

M]P[@\O+@.PCCF3]M]8$W20F*CO(=7=L:95[!?\3!&OQGB^W&XU?'OO=;FMT_
MX(O)(\#+?1JMMB3)PU4T



)\GN':



?;18Y(8DQ:SK*3OY




M=


_A&78B1[


J



MV


M8 5 @.YP'AG3A:F$
2RHRN&]N76A] 0'O

MG

M$*I+\W=6


9B(GG U!&(E0+.$ (6



005J &+U=?(U0

=:UQ*#'PH U!)
MUG *WX23PP3P5@+XXO'9^5;I/7Q4/H 0P8%'*UQFZNZ2189LR4_C_TOXE)E9
MLOJJ-@:B*.DWA -FX2 P$4ZB3

L#HY
M
D6 (^/(P)P@2-PY




MQ-70 01


T Y4GGY5$XF(

M@8K@RB.!0@P!1LB*D
F4C(19
=LN
2A@EA(&SHUB7+WY(X0MZ1\$?$+Q'*:
M&EQP[;T*
BPYV 7Z4X^$PE N



#C]@[=N/B!R TX
MN-!NDDE8$P-0($4)K^LQ95AKWIR; E1P#'


SLGU^4.D_O\-;RLH'I%@49I=YB[



5

@V@N 3.LM%V$92$8N%1Q:H
MXE#BQ8G


IFQ4?5
K5G

^=]2 IA?()H

0D:'RB

1#TD\.$*1M%9U.N;C\@M4N_S
M 7P^


.32?R6RS2I;PU_2L-S)7
92EUH::3O^M%[=]K.7(NW43;LJNUZ<B0S&!+
M@@B2&MPB;([(FW)' ZD3)TT5[)M5<12
KT##)%'GHFK
&KCPVQI5X*J-=MI
VMP
M(M/X)B/;W )#:8RH3BRVK&V@:8

UYY!)F1X*K9FE\R '1DWX
$ZY%5Q-6^1K=\ TB*+!%%(


M+JKD4QK^%$%17(X@;=*\3LGW#.?L#2Y0])7X+1K:\Z_,:;+TIEZ$*X])=*Y
MQTE13[X9H(!LKT;;@Z5_++\!;'KQ6CS-J=QD3H@8VT Q%R&#GBK($W.!Q@R
M)Y(]*?F&T&]MP%Q+/C=7=Z\814HIU4640%*I[(7$;RR6:(U+ AT[0ASUI'
MB+/RN$9-9=G4EF;4==D!BO@N$10($E?;SY#LGY80]ZOB^H4LA66;E%ZZ_6






9%\J0A


MP8Z]0(FX6^UXUHY!2[3UG7I]]E(SQ22 OAN/$\1%IGZ)N%J6]9R4FQ
OK-


MT]%Y;$+_W+LPX]Q4
\ZC



MQQ^;F(6(#59JB/9)#6CJ97]*3J)*YDL/Q*H^DWZA)V&(WP&2?%F3#T
8B5M_

W!AGS?*GM4 _0E
36 (A(;CQ1$3

5OD1V<(0[9@3<48*C<GO1V@#*XM5G-3H))
MX@2%'


02YG%.+&WA

M)P9-:F*0 Z&Z.*1:0F\*6L+-+%_3J?^2SQW[\(0?E?'=P8G07+*51NHV
%4
MK3'?8(H1!K1(-/
:TX8S;73$#R/8)#[I(NV7 2L25BP QY

AF_6V+OV#]I6A560OIJY9&54F'
BR
M+Y*8 O!7BD'I!
[I Q6*($!
BQ+)B9TOU+[M\#O1T'!D8UGL*N)/0%#P

BP]@+D
.B/WY(842EN5[5
M2.YGM/3C2=N'75!8PRUYB@')Q=O;4J*K*AJ1C2JYW7'TJPW=Q?I :
9
US83
M\2D_H[^K$2@AC%NQS 10)ZF-S-
I5##2LAAP_VW1+;@NB5#1;*

M;U


XKO@[0TL;1Z\BZ VQY5/(XT5).*

(J]APE=X6


M?

;^E-IMIQ2E
51:29F'CF?.J!IVFI(F37/P+.:7RMBH! G



MLSP/F5GFEL\A\45NS.;[^\/V(F\Q:$Y$N0&S!$N*=?X,67-NFE9$BKK N=



AQ&R\K=6
=& ^W$(%^!4MRYS68JDR7Y
M#QNN^L!P/M#[H@I!#P:D!:


9VY9R#7QL*S9I [U$MKE-K.#8(BDNT
M-'=4G]Q;%W_36HRUN:2J7\&$F)9D'U)6NA@%?&]UX:DIL0CLS[U3VZW0@B












:^FRH(*X

%P#
MY)XVEN6\=/ND);5(V9_@3+&
@J15VRJ[2PR+%:_G PET6)N$2MZ2DN&Y?M;)
MSE7HA%




M(RQ\O6!%^S%?4-/U Z^2V9TRYWH38XF!#HW=V/Z];-PS#!R6;RBT-E&5N_*
M8&[\XBK1[;ZUL'WKHR2M-D;H&O4X0^RK@7TH4FDKS2*ZGEGGC-?&#R-%X

FBM*G-B4.W)1#
W1]USZS8^
D^ODFXGT,42#$3(RX-LC/*
M A$/.^3L(@S5BX^(!2V:I73CH
VZ-HFV2


M3)#7@32(6GAL/94=

MC)5-N




<87#5AQ&
Z?VU.'RN;\UD1




TB3&!=_&2FT4P



MQ%S06^6NW*1+LL(9Z^*'RRVPN%D6/!3;#JJZE#G

MU;_V&[1:)9?.C(:SI$_JM




M\(PKQE*(^AG&7EE*N/4:'+@J?/72D#57K)S7!9L&KM


&^B ;];C3J
M3.!A.I4& NRZFAE+.:-_3Y;KU\)4


M_^&$#J


;(-I9P C
5'P!A
M]M?4!LSJQ9/ID' +?IV.AM81664+OL'1O69?:BR.7ET9EJGPK-A<B[LWU%()
MYE+J(F5KRAVV*&.TOD9
+V.@E[6;*_?C] E\;XY'J _&L$C^+5&\@T&(_C7
27+O4]^*45I:
M.D

/

C4YOW19U#E=69

&CZ.-R!1P$!U#2CA'!U@3(

YEC^Q'59
M+DIYNF5
F F'E
T8I.$YNLD#GU#9#'3CN7;G1L)&& !=%W1ZLA-=-/KF!YWA

M_V01QBH;^';)63V'[L;(W3U]N 5


MY


MZ8'L#T?F9P$*E9).K
SY[AM&!I2-WUUQ4=+&[P[

%.5C4B3QT

MYR8D-K1?] 

M#'/UPW6YJOEO%@E PPTP%FHZO99$X8S

M1$QPK?J
M6@+!_+4ZZ\1:X$TE34IOTI6-L=9L40T7) #-N6LA6CTM 7)YMIZCY02C=$@

K*KR@1I$Z )JVBU^EVL2MMI]=[8=[IS-:8
D4
MI%G+PUGD_((\O


SAXRP9Z'&1D
M_2K_


NHOJ$H)70W0*.-HE#^:+RB'2D!+HE65@T88T)P^NMIWNI!$
M
\NX.R* UKLW[S^_O0C4W04&4I81AJEM2P]Z -:*^Y0#2YB

N


M+SJX3UX(5]K^!M_CL=M2D/:^!:5


*3DLP/@P/O%DP0HQ;3-%M
*^4M%=&\ZM

ROVFA-[H86K


80ZZWBPVUH9^#^FL?



M6S*[^%3M*IW;C!I:4QDP.



R!GOC+__C]ZT\'K


E62M0H868CF
2#Y 8?
MQDN_W6F&
1'$KQ(FKH

M-I2.*PD1I-
IT.M\'.KREC%-)$.PT2:@(#,QTE5PRQ(] ;7:(%_J_V88;Z


66F+





G::L:Z-
:]L LKOC%TS-C9B.K^KUG4X5*SB
M55 6



0ZD[CB5&8QN 8[
M2E-9$UK)C8L@-:U*3*_?X5C#RN8).;3ZK/OV'*T1X



B#*-#P+CFG=?/@7A9(LI4
YK'&T.*OL!6
 9)R_2!F
M\5_(6Y%



*)H-IW+R \=1?P$4E









VC;YF]50KVR=LL@QXRL







M%@3/VZA*C1U06_N+E?2W1_/W(\KC1S8PNM1 4XS]
ZE[VU6B%$0$#5Z?1:L@
M1O(LL

2WJ


M

A@4F);GA4#B
C*:T%<NJ+<J!FA 7JGLI^34QXR

M'4[=Y$Y!A&5A*B


MZDCE8!C
5PT#5A?@- L




&.G@[#KHM0T(=M&^2X1


+^X4&I6.%@


M]!MT)1!_.F*HNL?O+3:Y!_K=+IMA+%3J+4M@1

M5TT;64PCY=!Z'@@1N#I..5?U8^:+'SY_B2U#



+;O_F%S1H1
2BS8
M3%XGA( (@;7]%J0?YD'K
:/MRGY#2XKB2UCDTFY;(+:)ZK&P#H4I=83%FE


MFO4.N

MUIUL:Z2]O7%5DJA8*9_?ZK9EH

53I@J5&-W#37NR56J=7W=(G5
M;.N%.N.^*!V[$.GFJUPH[86N,K#;$)_3841KK'+'V2(&.O=&BRH7-']%U1


ME'QF





@ZE-UH^9ICIH)K1#!JB3(BCZS_1YU5]MW9@*3#









M*+4K]





MOVLY(




MD85S0;?2?XQZ3MM[LA#NDD6]HZ&U
/?!V!Q4IPEGMHM M./6G-QBD5NV84'F

F;1O9@[9%\?TR'KCF7N


E]!VK[%





Q
MQ!&-DV.F:B\+:)S4*?4&=1=XBM &5Q;K):V0#N45!X*)YNIP1-T] 6(R1R]
M9'LS!_(QNK'.J PKM[(\W#Q.H@'M-8;)A_FJDGFHY&/.#3FX*616.GI-8EA

M4&P8GRDP0[0K#ZQKBPY?:I-IK$*W9LS(;)I=)%8*.SL9DN=28F=3$(P5WE

*9]


TD@YAN@3Q


'

M(2SOQ9%KFJLH?L


\P\6Q5A%\\I(EH[X4]XM2D)DXY4*R+5:IM]*:@;=S
\C7=WB_YW+$A3XA2


M8HZEZAOH# J+;R2-8AF)154-(CJD022W:
Z38&DQ&G_W[
K/*2U#NNE?]^
M4K6*[

B6ZJ)W.3_H

HB!FELH.O:J3[
SI+\*3MPRX$K^&6/ 6#Y&O7Y[JB6=D8GML=
MASO;6&UL:(Z6X'1M



7J1*


M_7IR
#-[W-R@?V0G/O<Z\&2UB*R2Z*
M:I<09#=\4*U8X[7P. YZW]RSO

V]:
MN_8?MR4B^8W2([7IO );*KN1*.OJ=.
P?/PZ2&/S&\^P8







M3V[;

9



E;
0*UWGL^CCRHA&W./(TY&+\B/!A-+DJ(D.20KS=)'LK*!A
09WUEMI96

XI!/D!I6H
*

U2+^Z/%@C]3






2?6MDUC_F0((W
.?

HUBO4Y


4:01^ 7DBP'^
MWT=VP-O3951\2K!KD$:J2Z= ?R^PN&V+US8MLQH ?]2N-.&()/'H7:T3BX?


8VL]HD]+%=QN6R)=8Y)*D)M*C3_F0(FQH N:-6LKWX';D/VM'


MA

M:'OW#9@'.;/JWUUQ1EOC=P=FGWBS1]
.\(C:E%P&K^E5T$KYU7[EU;H.Z'4I


M.:K+%






MYG!3O2Y*/7&W.XG.X3OJM.

.RBLC
E0.WH!O_1@O!%)'S0'3SZ
1P/ 0_Q^

_'A(09G

MI7;8&!A!@1?OKF_$*D&W=





M@ZV.Y4KV-L+


#'_(WJ&_[*N.AWK[*C=<-U9N?\1]5#^L#.-<8OB
M8J[Q-.5W1KM/73J^T9$SW+W18VVG8XZDX:/?]1][5T1NJ$;YNXW;?WXB]X_

*ZV/WZA^V1Y/L&W_4N'AT



QF!7^?J_T9\/:ES:M^/-2U#A%[B5PMDNFQKO-G


M_FW\@.'\*_L!P^V_UQ^W?;G\9PSH-;B47-!MD;#O
O:775










:P

Y
MSK_(VVX]7R(C-4.
EHV\.W*2EN#X%N0_+H#SV;Y7UN(IMF7/5WLL2;UNH\FK
M&L7);O'/?A1GVU5-QDT#3J9-GVJQ?(G[M
?2'JS5-






%#
M[X_TAVQZ/X
XI^VVDSGJ2N5&JF&V!;A@J!DV/X9E7^UCJ9_R'5D(M2I _;F?


M+GAM;-56;6O;



K('EC%W$6S
-P&7!!4YCT?(;KAN4R5;H!,]'/GUUS*'


H3'W?XN#/22_7_.:V!'U

HK!Q%R\J.6M:!#6HMN3%R
M2DHIB-


^0T[J6NV^\!H*3CX6GZ;
#HQ81J3
M(0^JI**/AL_NE

M[



MLI*F4&S5M0T S!# [&B [--2 DB.0/(/A%Q%B'B#8\TZ]'C1 $B!0(IC0N8
M





2*G%$<RQ4INNBT]BEG;(G1VI%VT
M;A !
8&DQ 9)HT*VTBIFU:ZUQ3:T:1!=L[&RAHR8/U)B@:3!( _Q0NCMG0RQ
MFGDKC8OSDE 2)MB82S)BEZ NSE*(B;DD(W8)CIE!3'2^0JR58=+ /OV( =Q]
 %B8O(1Q/+!
/]H!YB8? 2Q?'Z/


SQ



O8 2;F($'LH-]B=O$(


M
^NVJA;AW+WYLY'=IUQCOU77-?_ E!+ P04      88'Y

_JD37#P\]T
MK,NA:W-SZ//B[71L\[IJ2NE_A) W33K5^:;K4SM^L^N&4UW&C\,^]/7FM=ZG
M(,OE*@S3&=7CPW3FXGF[KH;G;:P6O^IAG\JZF_'\*<;7G.34LGA_!9OQ@7C


   !;

M;&%;F[8@_GN[H28:3#1\MXPMM.=\VXTSQ6SIU='8;1KFR[,LRI&=\58*IJ




55
MC@(K1Y%5H
@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09)4HLDH4626*K!)%

4      88'Y,'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      88'Y
9O




  !@


M !A@?DP[GU1/ZP$  .

M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      88'Y
 
[E1/$#  !/$@  &

M%     @ &&!^3(^ID[Q[!   ]A4  !@              ( !-1T  'AL+W=O






M?DQL*

M+W-H965T

4



M4$L! A0#%     @ &&!^3'8LW':V 0  T@
  !D              ( !2C$


=HXS
MRK@!  #2 P  &0              @ $W

M=#$W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !A@?DR_-IG0M@$  -(#   9


M&&!^3( I%Q.W 0  T@

M='

 (_J:K8!  #2 P  &0



4

3RH';N !



M3'N
S1*W 0  T@

O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      88'Y

M2P$% ,4      88'Y
/@B+F_@!  !S!0  &0              @ %W6

U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !A@?DR6N1+6

M



M8'Y





M970T
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      88'Y
7R+TX.D!  !1!0  &0












M:&5E=#4P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !A@?DRCR7P]@P(  ) )   9


M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      88'Y







C @  1P8  !D


4


G.W-
#$  !]0  #0

MHT6%8@0  #0F   /                1K^  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      88'Y


M]WYYTSEMO[&8-_+'CO?XRYO?[DXN[ZYN;MY8__O7__D_+/C?W_Z?DQ/KVF'N

M;N==^^+=H/__E1PJLJ

!LMYNPM
M/'03[' &:G?K?]1^@=  WZ<3QU]DT.=XSVQ

K?$?X=_JB7_I$+9TS]1)RY


_G#





C
M865]R0TK5[S2K_U@%KOV*V18NM)3TS?

MXHI5

+-T/ 4HF
M-7.Y-.QR:7C)6 F6

KZ3


@GFAJHPS]



M&8R3GE.VBG7%Q T?E4/I




MXH04F/4&%8IR2I&J6F2+714+3[?]OA]





6W+8

U0J/) S3RIO
MOO6!'ZH

TVWP1#Z#$GK

MPK\'?ACF7RW\0BV\6DYZ;WX][_;[H*^7H8Z/5 =EPZ93IH)_^A[+L%CJ!.KO


M[?;WSQPK-=.F


M67=8FI


M]?:RI]O0V+DXW\LZYI0!KZ;LY.*LMU-!M05IG7:OOQO:LLN6#_BP5L1WAGM9


M7^IBZ S[W?.#3@+A1*



):U_XUO

E&G;/TD=??VO5


&







7.4;#QF!*



^F*J36PWLE.\*&N:@
M$JTDJIYIK.YYH4V#;UA9(








=R)A]C-3K@S1E[=S*MWY](

C^R '%;02C;N9Y:K]U%Y2

X@/U65T9
)Q=T]R$-=H@BC)X=8NT
M(X7
L%LMDNK #%E8:_LIC(#

08SL!_N0*
MQ-5C306)NJ3
'65S6BKK$M5I\2)G[+@QAJGOV$B @WWZ
7+C
1LC&2C/XXC$

M96.9\W8[D: /V]3-94$&U@Y6$WTE08
'P]KH^VX_?X$K*'#@]?4L7R^;C[I^




AQR\6QZY\.:9O
9#/W;R57 QDYT;6
Y?;00;/_!
M#P+_&32!*WL.WY1MB/?DNT_XH]0KRWCB!MG

*X=JPVY(](UW_^PC


M70'5CA?#_@M&V @)N% ]&JP'1LJCH%[:-T7?.^_MCO;T_I'%HS[R'F\B-@L%





MFFQ^JOUE$!2*)J8'Q;)(\+JO'RV@[%(H_T[/(B]?A(^TT]KY7T_2_

1!Y5^*+?[%;'RY7)E?G _1G%4+*[W^#^8\3B,VOGP&^Z1R9QM

MG?:I[BS8TV0:M(;9;.Q7NX;BY8C(=R ^[-:WAB4GD[N&2_GQR\
^5-ZZ[VQF
M.Y@


MZ+^(?M6I-!0[/#NUJ



M;EA2AGE\

6LO;+6*W

M3E]BXK&Z!W:U^




M@V9T';ON@JMQ2S!$Z^I_ZM@F67GPG;GXVWO_WO[QAQ--$90$4T_\(/]U.Q9\

MYS@/




7V;
M-J(A.YM4IRSNE\DC<UIP5:!;Z@]3

G'L^LA;V0FVM&=M




MISAG;L-I%V=I/EL]S/9$E5NP84;L5:
JYQ$06C7U8.H



M\]6/6/C-7N!5O'6SG4[&I
QY^8;CEU-6^^VJPTO7=$TK
#S/U+_DOW]S*DJM
M QSB#:D(P(K\[-@/6-+M;-]]J7MQGM/1*&^(K6@IJ84




MKU? XBD6A!QCH$;3:MU0=9VH3E6E33


]UFGTLA??<]/\TB=
M?'#2/3M?)J=PS.TIK-YV+0OB58WY%@A 5?^<BO0#VSB!TSS.W_Z$06V'X!R

6L\&G+?[F6.P


*-G!/#;<C6&[SGF0SH-)\P&;
M@C!6W9:Q#:3M8BG






WMI+#N=N/*@XPA



M*U/M7V3R=DL-5QN-)8N*
L'-_=(X*)=BFHU@;T+CLDL;&&);C(KS8:91SZI1
MMJ6H7 +#X&()LZ










M]];
#AX=[YW5?F_A
=PJ3_/[&BQIDLWOROQ^@]OAE?J+_\)(2[_YUU/H_4

$?S.FG &MEUX
MWS 31,PL5(_LSR,L%A3^XE9#XQYUAS3[L VLQR/'@S&\!)F/3O1E/X=8P7^
M(SSFP+OGV%O@D7EP*;CN@DB 9]@\XK^':]QOPK\ZPY)U_8EW.8!E&MO73

MKHMC(B$V90RV+%=+!L/5  :-W8A(\Q6H /XK;_3GJ0\3M?QG#T8/XX?0&3LV



?\!]AOR
.L0


9$$WM

H#%D TACV%M[C




M1E@2&3BVIC_-&-#\D_.SQ46[/XY'$7P=\F_#J3.?BV/US/C//-\*-6D2R
ZU



O@3;*)Q1GK84W^!SU&7R+C^Y@-'7&3+]
6/1,%F?R:_(PD#J6V0X/B43SV?$T6<G)P1^)]8)O_LWEBE!%Y&:1
MK@=6]V@J5#NF7BU%'P/RO@EY'; H#J19GPHC._YD9#S-DE^U\B?6NC\$+M@
MN0?

M@[5J?,X!3GJ.O_H^MHJ2^RQF$L/

M(/ K&VY
YX5U*$W9#Y3^W<2Q@&I-^C7YDXBU BNV1@C#Y8HQP-K1CYWY0=SG[OC




M*C/C05R5'N0OQ6C;S9-I
2(A!$#GDZ2!3%H+&36IO*A# LO4^6[ITJVK)\


N;($*S1W02NTX

M:.$66F8!XW\ZLO

CV10'&T


MY(%NNPW;1FPC6%9N/_F74^D@J0R8!;

#^.WH\)

MPG7W44OYK$2L4];GMX3@23[1G@4E8
$?LCF 7I)OA8/PY&#Q#)T6/H&1@$80


MM#CA%)4:;-!
]X(D5N5BV
\JH@V+

B$2ES&

MT

R7BVR*J? $MR@$^H
FF


-0

B<O*DR85[6HBE#=RGZB&[99
-471S/
M1IHX(A$JNZ4V[Z
Q/K4D


ML&=T%F%*U S=-MQ-%I$H0J^3%V.NRI%Z3IJ;V'R3W2:^HV*C*=D-=HD#M6 *

@])EDX-I7MO6NB=

D




E
MVJ8D@(\$_^(5'P5D)-6ADH[\V(68S_T4BYVHXLGS!5L0%V 1&U8[)9L&_$)U
.C8Y0<HJ<'4( U%+3AF
M=%




'6P/%(F.!\D;
?2O
MV):YCN12XZ2<6M=41N:'*8[47JL=$=RD@IU#Q2JUDDNLU1(\FGI*@?^G*]S2
M4!9:)R4J<HO\

MWJ+AXX@VQI%]K!) _C2':J!T20.$V$/LD$1YY&(+EEUM)0?W2+4(L?2.S2W
M$%1*$'RJH8S:=$8J'@IE-?1?R*7*!'QD_CZ9^YUT


MI!4T&D;C!-9J]YNK9 ($^XS.CNU_H__C[)%LV .RZ5%QOFBYXGJ23@9\@3

F&OO5L1W ]$MA10HT:6]5P
M []9@D.N+^\^I*YQ[=5WC%E??2#GHF4)[] ]+F=+W0+:* YU+1/V#I_7LY9;


ME\




MEWE1$B[G@*&#4N
?%^2G*P&STP?WX0A$C:O:NF*@QEU8EV-_+FWHI+LY=J3S


YYTYF3!--' YCF%KR8LK5
MM80/5?.::RZ@/#^(\)@IAYE5QEF&:::\AM@G;YVC.\W(&W-/T0RY0C(K+$(@


0V:! A?%+4*
M



MF:X .$;P




M\J?HF$O#DX?

TK

ZZ&_ESDA9?_'&B

T
D57 =EM0-
D


3B25%$GRS6+B2*



M&($^*GTB%*-0Y&*34U*D?FBN''&.5[CU6Y;$]QFSAPC?)%4NK*7$CV!CX/C$
M3CCE535HY;:0N?%C_@GOSBOJS21A
X1FI.

MGX!9?[)%JJR!6V7X-KK*@P -


M8FVE*I(L;UZL

_G-I!2A_)+TYBY]5B!5T/VJ6Z$].8KF?



M[@T_40/
3;%OH[]5^J8 :^1[IIXY$V?1DO^2FR'Y\'-R.^2(!W%VN*!&%9/
M6[Q)9
Q%Y(MH* B8PX/%NHFK:N$UYR=2IDTDB:%KX::OR$4U'(%A.C=T\5
M6$



8 *-



M@TFI:?((B$//=1^VU%2%MV]9K^NV0;0K'*@K/T (-85BDTUJEM)J6%*82L$H

E7@H
M@GMQ!11$9&C/*#



^V\2
M/POF= C@+_Z@JCU(98((5T.Z54J+EW+[W^2#':JZ@66BZ@*+J4$F&?%MM9
MH2XT)\W



LP%I5)GWM3A


$;9078PFTH/3S0K[QC%SZW;&KU@VA4_&^
M'\/=J]KO3
@3)C9(76U*D^W.FPR'89DDREMV@/%A=P7]P05#9SS&-BSYH-
O!;^R9O[2C:J1@)<OPNHC;10T%V<-LV80G#C44UFH






MW *
4$V=QRD(;]?Y%\H+/=M!-E
92S2 )HQP[.:/6&71L(BSR:\JXNE%Y



MTZI=9^8D6#?7HE/+1_XK


M0MTY;K5!&L:@56VSJ@(2#*W4A+S7JL.I$U-J%LFF].?;3B(4TDHF(J:0_
MNN+PPA6&*@DU.]00@K#YZR.\5[1-4]EW+& MRB2H!9AQ%_&Q3.0(!#W0@T@
MEKHJ:))1.*\TTK2S7?-WKUCX3)\1,&U.G3]TC9U.&D:- 1[JA)T(_^*_9Y








F6+3
1$Z[^+GDWAFZ!D1:W';@N-
MUH#)]'#1YH]'EBBN.0Y;5N&
95[#R$70

M5MYR64M+E81O[/0*29F/
08!K\B2!(XQFR/ULA)#I;=/;!$BXO:T$XSB&0IX
MRN^AB^QDST=Z^=D.7%J,D2!A_AYRFAP]%3E3$\N2::0!ET)_D@$9(3?^9W2
MIM-)*@)QA/N^"O15;GKY!7 \LE5K[/9%6K4AS5*(T.!!
A9?Y))+$5A?SA
M5&!&



G1:1


J.T R_PLA(K@$254-WES?ZC5\$AR6

+ =3IEMDC+.K4R
Y81
M+9P5)?E2@DA2I2)C(P':NSZVSTBP9]?+E2+QD!4CWP(LQH@6WUPL3_#&Z
V?
M)T+(B)5=B!6YZ#Q?8HY+S[.-Y.(;85
OG6K!+5IL%6E6YZQ7J($S'F,HB@
MU1H'[RV,K )0(4,!UZT3P
E
0]!))CI<Y-$A/3S\W+AL)3';FNN'<1A_C+V_:;^C?







'%&FD=U2:CP4((J&)$:%S!QOS# )!9N4.$\L!](L09/G




M7*B=DN5L%GZ(J15)9_RD491*[MUL*IV8=-!-6HW$;E-BJW4;F-RFU4;J-R
M-VM#C

MTZL-(!I-*'

\1




M
9_[*6*Q$2;YPNV(Y C#T$8TLV#?B%8-9\WFRZ!!S-!LKW





M


T5-B^7)L.2I
MX$I:G(42%L!(+$RU@-$5,@4P9$N 5[Q02:.@\T1=I(^4C;CV![CTO'7);NW
MJG6Q#B


O[H
^ELO&F1:)!.? CO9%KG
M:MF=D?)ZGQE6&U!S4@O

#

MOY

K



'
0=(*&H2T#<:)K%5OMU9(A EW
?4A=X]JK[QBS

K_I

MA^S*4^(/F%ZQ2#N@_GXH3##TE/%;J&;
H+C+=VCM&72P#/#AA7HZL0DS!#
MO5CU3:

MIF65G9)PA!$%C#L?T34

M-;I+)/


1#HIO;\S# &Z
M^MR[
^E=R;9(2N]14:.UPWW8WVQ SCHZ/51Q]:Z5EXP;2?N\(#:P3BT/OCP

/=HB
M.(!NG6\VB
+ GD]#ZQOF*V-V
8A1_ KHF4QT C_$KLO@K[0O\C)-&%+3Z9SS

+7DQ):!;PCNOQ6

Y9
?V-'=


DBDAB8@)^KU#]--31]FY



M%K(:A9&



.9ZFV@3'B4%33PC-TV&J)VB







$OPNC.
%S]Y;9QJ?+9G&:6&\

MZ=A!B :NL

;#)Q


M#Z$ 8\GX=E5Y_P
:QS
XZ6+0D.'QA=FSN=0XHV?_A/Z=A0)(Q!EJ@O/F':D
M@?%YC


D78F+QIBB3Q9K%Q)%NRA?RY6!^=+O(KN_PK1X8,K()\M^
MOFS7I\5A2O1IOEM.=#*K8O+%QL@RLY6?DQURISVBNJ]S
ZL0\8:[^4.Y.ME



M&%J6A








MV)[-CR7EUO*(#SS+1$12&#CB%E!(;LN7(=T;?J(&F)MBWT9_J_1- =;(]TS-


MQ&MY09U


QGHYUHB?L)?[_(29;2_(T
:NE#1)!
M
XRI.-X8B T6)ZAAH#
@]=)32R
2H]N@&8-YC/H%L/


^


HEY


'TV#1Y!#:C9]T/6VJJPMNW

PM7??*T!
M/-+= X_@[=$-7@]RSULPAIL<!3S&OX%CP\_=7OG+?'_?UYU7
6M

M^Q&3UU7I_MJ%%.-V]];KMY.9H


MY4H#U\OG-#0U5W+9SI7PBA148O*SUO!B0PE'%!Q.QIG=WW[WSUOM?K?!NY\5


?.6('?4FOG*4VV;B*R:^8N(K


CJA=PUZS4^WM(Y:W6'C0BXF
UXWQFV^MWS)FQ& Z)?
M92?TQ1Y-'8\%O
6

:GI=
BC5I:R]O\\_/
MFKOY1Z3
F
NSY$#]B];YT&@R#=F
?NNL;
YR\X_ZWI69S]@+P1Z-XEGL4C.0
M


M=&7!JP1!VJ

MQ4VZ^ O8#)
N;M+%3;KXZ]L

I(LW
M9B=



M=]\?/SNNBQ*?J'&\






M



MKLJ2 S4&J

M@2]?(]!R:9//%.^9XKU#ZAFOFD=


BNP?


MW_INI[E;W[ LN4KA$
O..C\W6F43']D^/M)M79R7O*9-)MP+W/W.IDG?I@W-


M(C)'N6TF(F
B
J5VWT1DCG\G3$3&1&2.WRUO(C*O=NM-1
9$9%Z\3]Y$9%[S


WKJ

#[AW#9:(;#1S'W8\D];T9 P!\8+O=%CL4#


MR2B_+
ZFTI?39



M]X%2%%H;Y;9!^O-&DDR#0&(LDV# P+3SGK 9[08

M&J.W937T2PPR_JB+[=L2WND700WZK9J7G@!E=JQQ%3L^IZY;ELZIT9=/MN
]D<P%=(

MY@#:'


+1\'NM1#^O@_Q%@J=CL)0BK!(5W)U:P%



M4%JW*6&1EG08P92F?H:/
!C/?YJ+[P?^J8-%)SPZFFF8TV@!#2_=0@$FQ*.#

@&

O7'YO85?:68]=;CNYEP8;&QWO'L2'#O7





*7RTBE$M+9[
MFJ2AA67K!N?OZ&%Q0$L :AT%Y-*^%W1F!$F

MBGO!9(Q




M$WA
 P]83G?CK
VN=6:%-VNAOX@V.%5L-^1FSY.:ZUK#@&7X4OI4V#W)BMRC
M-\XWE=KO%+R(2;$!C9_576=A$%%1;)T 2ZP[ SR]&Z4!@_,'$WQ-)AP5

MP($N:75^+9.T_TR[$CPOH=#I@?HZ-
.PO_7_  3*- !HYQBZ0K\'3Q[GSI




 V$2-!#GG=38%JX8-E8I0YMG](9$RCF.D



3G'

!DSH(]^MZ@1$Y4!\
MK7MC%7AHP&;!?=F7F0!.F3-]+=
4\!1#V9?3YDI0[IE1!&
8%;[4L4F N'[6


1:N(#4C'!

MD%Q@J9@/LR'_#,2OAACY(L.7J$L];FG_W.0COTTLA&VBR*0L7(Y0LOX5BN




M$LEN_7+@_)[?B*OW/+IL911G')G%+W&$A%G7^VQ6O-6[Q^
H59_DG!#Q^Q
M


;7
MN]YUW5\WY.E/^C:DF# XXB1W7IVGO0'^VO96;!/AR76.N77ZA8U-AH5U%-Z




?%X*PGDANCOEYW&Y#%#5NC&)!GS9/T2]R]





MFD[XPC$XAY0K)1E9Y7;C

M0E&C.Z*CY3I;S^
U4[].

RJF/S%EAO36]VLM&54.V*@V2+NPT#D):


MAH
Z

FR4!-XXQ

2\  6%3Z9^?J%M0


%$K6H.-IHW7Z%

'8K 5#6DJ\ZU_6@1![4?EE


J B?#LX(E*VR]







%-BR@&8(!0^&\WHYR06;?9](@IY5^()CUM


P5
$CU;_V9@3'F^Z@
M1Z^^Z5XR%_:$?[?( 2V *0HU+WFS98[=;ADC8U!%$X&1; C'$^@ H(MN!MFB

'&3F G$2)[T#;]U[@_/CK?_\7JM2_
MI











08T6T[CFQFL*0ZC[PUWES9,1['2HX2K;GBX%#]
M2)KB:MQE(NO[/7J'+1;RS

\9P


P#;E44]L[[T51T;
92#6A1-5-#%^!K?#91R^AO!=4*EOX48';



M9JS@#7.6K%.YHMY[HUK*N]G^3%&P)


M3BKNQ EFO







MYN&[
 7!P)%71?8N3=T=X%R]#AM)SP.N9R

@0$X
M17U
3/\6U7(\@14$7%BH&@RQMJ(2K3KS2+/R8\ZP?F[R.5X#EQI1).[
T8



MN%%WW)






M

5\.5M


%SCZ+?@9UNL8
M]QZ/X(P<X??HVN;^#&,5R/[Q'35$(
B[3_

.:*QX8YE+@7?B(03^BB2 D0

)A@E.#Z:!@E0
AX^!KP'$Z
KE8 ]#:&V?;@C#@V



R-=I5%EFVIKV




MXKH]
2[

M;UT



M&O3L=J\'+0:UV.Z6$+ IND5O:2PM7L6FJ/N1S]S.ZFM;RU'/3G36&O2MRJL)



M7-!AUM!C7J4*JQ
I@56-BO#L

MX(1'1ND?$O^XA6'D&!C.UP7]KM-&1P2[S%9!;S&]3FJ'J(^05/@M5
(-IM+G
M
9;+BP.L]!9R'[L=F3)NNJX;[)L JPFZ


MZ.-_$AG/?@UB8?L(5M.RR(?QPIAH3]#TSHC^@ZS)628


WYWI\0=ULW




6MWA +%SWAMDV/DMFR)%Q
(X

-8A&YP2A


JQ O9IT7TOJ

+#+M76I;: WR=BU29Q X /-VHP K&'+R;4231[
M$.O_ZI6V


W:J:Q9%A4I35O
351:RAAMFW6F


M'/?I[U@=VVRE5@?
NR59\O)1TI8MW^+L\0L'F0=B5RMI+153PX5*0!*7Q-AL


%20D #&CA@1
%*T2;&'8+%^XWM)!XG


'M_.HW(8GT8SB


MC_1P@5$FR/6_F;I\S5J:STC&'L :HKQ6%\;&:OB[]Q/.!P$C W4!OFD\H%
MI;%
JB6=@50@[!OE0&#L14&P-^=K50-!L;EZF%M/&QA!3Z[
G(EPX1QY
UZ^
M;_OLZQ9P



\T.T&R



B2*]Y*&/N



M^^7%XI98


ZBW0+(_FX.3+


-!P].UAV-WL


M2#

/IV^UM1L50.


G$T?9_;1MRU(.=+I;)W5@
V0C
&4#H&](

:XOA?#QFS$#D%H


M_B[4@A%)@:V
]/2Y9GY%GDX//57I%X7MH=!B9[F4ZF%2;2:K[9L'%2]F&!

MG#TAHB






M#V9IT=:
?Z[-2C=$_KP[3KX;SG*WG(W!7FB6L[:ISCPLMDB@[:H@VJKBDRJ+



NS<OYW48



F


GM



A8J7


W&?W VBBH8'7M6(;E%0Y]!EB12+G](:S=Z;!3T&S=9UK@


/0C-/T_F\P^L/VY3F(K/YE^_*9=MQ-E5F;
@P9
2G)%);S
M-KOR&0P!9]H0#&ZZ!*.J9+C?<2@%;R$@2]T?40\@#O!=(KU$@FDA3J#;1PL

M]E\R;0OK]MB(7'_8:W-J+:F02OTQ7G:(25-9IH*;MLW2_I?F*5[SISDW:]WN



ML:!0MA 0:N)!.XMSM+:(#B40=H@072:O1D)_I_!0@NFY$-$..J=MB.ANKK6Y



 82[B% C#^^__S]P]5&S</WO8B!F(A2J*<K /)J.Y$3-Y-
M[=#\+6NDEB&E933

@8F7



M
59)I)1% L8W7M\$OC
M2I5'=0Z].@6*T, 0448DQFOM)'WV7%33[K=QA-0FBBC(XS!.HTG4I%$%4#]



MK87?]#N7)E/W;



   P?P  $0   &QW87DM
C Q-S$R
S$N
!?8_< TLM@=;7W-K<I)SD&L1U&FRB5-T]Z6@)=H6(HDN

M0Z!GG'
M#T+L6SEY.UPJ9(4/VG%E3M0I%#V




MA)UP1 ?@-^(_8.DH-
WKVC#I(N[CN6]?^Z$3+O@

M49N



M^]$M;*\\TJ=! *L WQDQ
B%^X

MR8V%7F'&_!W?'T/ Z](@8@3^Z+:0L
)1SD)61YR?(L_#; &+B3/V(7BR
(0C



M
^A=%?3]%I+FWB)A4.R)EB9K2\
M=

?.T.7G ?!
E;72LUP]U2X#_@8ER90
M;*..Z
(BRB)B7\^GL.V6*[E::
9V3\7VL(42TB:J.T'VE(('A:8!AA
:ZY

M@ID):-8)F6$_TH*;3@ME3(H]AC*LE9KR089BZD.NS [LN(%) I&*%
!C@F



MSP$916[?F56+I4UFS



M)X/YN4=9Z'P3[O+'P.U('IRKI&&F2\MMK*
KVP8*DD9JR9N2KLY=?E;4&;G8


/P/


M#Q3WB7@QRYK[12O4S'QI

MW0;
Y

B98D
3;#4%ZI&#
MDL)FLK3\0SFR:GXA
QS


MMOVD_EXM&\EV-WD3?SM]%7_RM_JZ_E/H.&4A\K77_IN^_A!_MZ)/+6'*H
+_

-_-%/ELNT;/VAA

) ES=34)M[H'Z/8W!UA:P-_2GR'H\Q(R6I^C!7Y4#GF0Z5[^)W.
M;.;(QE[D!I_CST@@OMRQ5V7
9M22W\W4A.)(\F$1L?WBJ^:7]Y3:KX[K/D%0

MXT\?G#5L

M

C[6E2Q=6\_D

MU-5B=?W6?;^)7'?QB02A.!
@KR7*I=$LL_4^#%[I\L:H
A6+:K;N+_\&5N3R

M


#$W
3(S





(/;.T6(9P122+_**3[V3_:
CX$TF&GS_
M#N
 X:]WEVN^SVFZ/#TX6*U6^S%Z 2N$OR?[/M)C=X\R[




M]_XS7(!)&%. ?+A74E$N/+KIAP\?#MBW9=%6R=='')5U'!^4XJPYDV]#2?F*

M8P1(+\Q[5_

MI1?!+^


HDI

3: Y^)DP&#R\T9=;F


T








MCG
FOPK!8QBQ/ )E;

K;
M]A[:X



M&J(LY&T4M!JHUV2Y@
2P?OVXH5*!.I'M 5( 0RMV5^KMG%MKR/SYM=A[KPI/


25YC+Q2]ON.VHX9%HZUQ_6MR@T;Y#EK#:WB]KLR.Q%AHB.
M.\$BC


.<]AN HL9
4=^CV!&5_B10G





MC



_0DF&(?ECNN\Q8GI\85DC'^SH!844DYG_

M5R^ K

-):TX#


M


MLIM3CH@.K--CXIN1#_Y1@?H51A%]\2,FYIH6!ALI.+U(TJM2VSS=H%1/%(

M1\+68I5J)



5?
Y%-TT


5(&T'J9(DN)
M@
T;
M#/G8#N@,P14]=&ID-?< 3TU+N.'%:(S0\G26P=6MB._49I VW8[W KHPD!O


9A=N
MZ$$JOR:XSVIL3]=4;[@+7GSOT\;.N6B!ENQU5C*T7I&:(]VW[
P8V9ZY]=(:
M5';:%;RO$748F9_2C=W(,98\YG8GI?U@K/,/KN\2T.$9LP;-.?^4QLS[AZ
MP5AFGUW!^/P9D#CX








M%DP8?B-\USH*HJMBA;

MRDX=OVLEO.G=U#K\/5D:&BG@:J6^&:DV#FSUAP:*5P)R13:M5]]6+\[T'JY
MH%1J%)U$+Q'H@=9^4+Z
H$8KB(TH?_1SDD^^3]02P
$%     @ &&!^3%+R
M)TA7'   [^ ! !4   !L=V%Y+3(P

C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM76USVSB2_GY5







ES\*\9O5!DY
M^+UK9_3

/$[]#(
3#*

-T;$

M1?
[WTZ6%VS.
9WCJ


M:/Z ; R00Q2:D[6K\7ULMYULY'U4VWH!S+9U21&GE;=3H :I]P.C;L:ORI


8&%

D
7C+W
MBRH&(61T&F7^D@Y(WARW*M\
$HVR?#*%*/+^I
L0.:-R8WF0HPJM)CP^19
6

M=OSX&B2'M54];S'!EL11AJ J;HW$QG/[L4+%:*!*GWK8K(PT@@X$*O']Y0


*X)A 8E%H0
M0'US6(Y

M(R?EG]4XRP@GMR]-




.2.:PU<(7_
MNC1MWWX/AW[<=&8U7;' -8?LM%I =N+=NLLKRSG!*7


MH9@AL@Z4$E
G;S@



2







MWE-:5IY84T*H%*7

%


MO$V5X9-OI^M2975@&/QS5S&]B- 2U^3R39FU2]!)U_7)ZEC)A.$!I_GZ)%?@




M54GMV6:Z3G\5U%Y@DSL!Z54[WZU(SR?&@AW2N_'8\,/H)2%Z/Y4_&[=[FC

4LERX]).Y:I5\^2LE



MFR

!Q[.Y7AQ&M:FCO]
M9%L;#PB7:87XAP9$R/M[13/9Z=4#.XJ1%\W/L;!\7/A]C$='PCKW.-,@C*ZP
M^X= &(TPTQ?C,7!(C8X[O+/O]G/RK!)R'0
215IN
Z!E@ D*]9U&6-[! NK



ZMOYLL*8&0=CB9'=


MZD6TL-1)X)Y!6OP6!-FO.M[B78]-'M

M
S@H7/P7H)*2)+^T4



[(%6];V*)(=0]E*Z*'.I^82


DOQL?G&65X=HC.N+ALHP_759*(E.=E\


M-B8YU\(



M_3%5?TS5'U/U9PO]
55_3-4?4_7'5-G/X01\H@C29VI;QBF$+M,\L\++IM
M_O&55/R.KE0\!=W (#FLN_A73(N\I]\




1YN$._)4J


M]JHIDMTV. (S&+D3+#O?O*, !5MG7W9!%^A*8/W8OP6#_Q*JD.XY;E-@$U

M6+ N85]LSR=[YDN(:'I'\Q:U/N+[

M IMK=94TP;-'O1FP)SXE#ERV
D@EAB 4))^I]3??%LK(P=VKZDW-20PT' &?

MW


MZC\NO K#&+CG

# /\E(F?8].NIWE-
=PJG:?:O('=&F83Y )84

;*DK*KWH
MS.^BZ:ZY2-]
NJ1RD]\_CFKA=U5W!0F%#R;QQKIC--
MJT6.N?-VS?JD.)[;'IJ+RXNL-=-5ZZ45IE






\N$G7#(KC
D6


MDKLIJ\JY

M5 L.(Z_HXP
\S;BKHNIB;R%K_B=&WRP=SQH


?NWI =A#:#KW-K98B^;$0S=L?
M6 N2%OV EA5EB/;)D7U$[SU%]#@OESBB)^QD=D1/05[3'$X.R_+O30J[Z8G=




+N3SB-
O+E?MK8?2Z*Y0_OW[^\
MO'R;9NO@)2._Y-^&F9VYAVQ%0MS82N(9?@DV/W_\\

N

MDSC]Y0?V_YZ'-:


MQBFKH!!_56LQ*S*]C]]___U[_FLM*DB^/I&D_L9W[VLXC67Z:ZR1;R')XQ]R
M#N\ZX.\\OX&:248/]U6HN=LC^=?OQT^MW';U_SZ*NZ\'D)DBS!]WB&N)L_

<

M&B0SH8G _ N\8ZAL-]:SL&

M_W+*_G+ZX6


MY^2I^699(Q26PKF.&

Y
\8^T1H-3K1M&(3%LMO9+ ZQ';\4LCZ9I87;YI14



MS'V:EA9.N0FTM8%*(VQJP
T@;F=/


M'ER
;Z- H\@]A:E;F6K][I



;ZCQ

M8?M8'BC0B9$+BZ'N 

M5@$


M4)X4E3 







M'0QC)*$U1+Z7_QB_6&7X6\7:?RTRND/OU'/G25WF;/2H#-_%F0&+V:M;#Z




MQK_NVKQ
T&]6*A70;FJJOA08VBBA*1



MC*%0EL8#+U







16EE\N&(\6Y_RP8#)-(_SZ9[Q1

M#43-2P I.PLF


))ZNY.KE$5
F

MO1GA-M?C!,$09#$A$ZY*%=-OJNU.:XR/FO84H =9UJ2XS!&@KG2R
&DU]
M;:N\(6:O3-EE[RXU0/WM[.K. W2
*8M(



M3RKK-V9IX':#ET00#+UTZ

MLB)(KFTGG*J;7
P(R+AR1[(E)L6&W1SFMX7H]&/)UMO4(R&]BM\.S@R^V[.I
FL;%L+=25R]<P6;&=ZQ^S+'J)D\2P

#7=/H9

M@?%*YEW3HA1MSZ3D

MW/


B4A:A!(N
?GFH (H+K4V

TPM#89;










MEK^=]1
M*XKI.3UF*5 YWC@5H-


MB2

VZ_M3O).JW6BST_&:BM72CFY?6H 2F

]L

MUI/8&0

M*4 

X24B;MRO0M 93K%ZBUTI

C-&AZQ.'
M_]9D&:N[
MICHKZ&\(LP&3319RLN7]-:7TF(SJ0=9QJA(%RZHN/N'T:?GK







2B)3&M8
MUW&*^=EEDY

!JX;S98+
MZ\/F+RU=*'

:XI!G&WV)B^?RA]
G9ID/$FK3)Q;SA]%; F_B^V@(
M6D
 VH&%HQ;-0&

MCMKW 3(KT




I..@S/8&YK?C;#'




KSV


)\:;9*V

M LQSWF1DO\K(1;9Z*F:K9!*&;&U!146]BD\&VH!O$T\G#Z:KL@ I)KV.4(2?

HHH8E71G-



N4_;=[6%;^BHI_P7.XO9






M)



M2)@%^
Z1



LLCXM\FIX%Z2\VU':R-A;!![BLHKF#*9!D

%3S/!T-)@4Y:-I93R/2AM :-_OG#IGT6B;%P[@F7HWC8%11Q1&
MQ[3CZ4V^-&&;EV[ 'Y:&&_@^J=H[3AKHN%

M



MVP^



%



MX*S=6D&E&=BC397+YD&GA:;G725;5WH[328U
%RUQRH.2'NDA$&_ZEQNSIZ)
M8YF4@L2TL*C5\'Q:WP2]=TQ?)0Z&7F:

ML$L+3WRD\*F /!KL.F
*A$KI\8BD#60*4:!4
@4B?J\)W4&ZI\1N\
5EGB!V

/%3M6($=$*^=-


L&:KE(3/-O$@(+8GY%CO/#]&\?GN/$Y8#

M?8?L!\!6FF

V;C1-)DW


M[2-F3=TEIV[1L@&#KU]8WMS+O(@7[+T213'TA7RR3@ZP3:RN!!CN2&'UZ4&%


%ND8DCB




6IYO6)OYT+G

M4

7

'9WU^
'4AX!S


3=R!@/6&/
M9:-^\!8]M
WY8=OR\%AH#57)/_Z25[T?OVSVXS&L_?AV:XOP+$[C O/]JW['
MX1P^G:R-%4T'N*P*K@ZFP+!\-_S*W?I_#Q;+/ZX,7F:,)M0M^ZWA7U-_H[
M6!J'^LZNRFEO;08@Y5VQZR(]Z+
I-=!
Y_+5JF#9R!;L8GSY&&N5X]B)^?OY

)

DG1*DCF8










M# -=

M@'3#ZH.?M9

GR'


(@U(LO9 ]I932/BEE@-RFE$(4#*7T^.242NC_PPVG\BZI@ 0J'G.W.3_/
MZ8Q^KASFJ82]YKK3 NZDN)-*@F&4%IXZ*RO?-0-TRZ25:J\Z*:7R5R(X4I+$

M*H(RLU

:1FQ


MK0:&P/98A6/UE0*:



B(E'-*+7B\
T$5]G6#%[2H%4;:




M8**')= ^']E[:N IUAIJMX?4[B6A- 2$A@9'+8FIL )M C78 V'[KC5+:HN/
M-$O2^*68)^DUX
V4+/%:'-I






]1-'M-*E






;8]GML]K



W%9H0Z:RGK
PJ'H'G\A#J4E3EZ^

1R\3CT 2
MD6.C









M
A-




MDN4.7;94:22J:1Q04$ZB ;'+5L/4=MD!5X/?6Y?N;6_W4S?/ T(V=
#[$I#(


M=LS*MG1:J/25@NI64C#9=V?8@BK:K?@3));#;W.




'OT27SEMTS-OTL+@CU8\'L1OQPN7*9#ZE-Y&5\S7
!I
M=$1CA7+L?8?3(.%'$].H?LE7?VER)XL HIJ+ZW8# J
Y



;-147J%!L38!@]#+?D

MCU20];?EG.! !=__R#$U/WD![;/M=;\ IB
[B%NJIC9GPOKL]X?D2)&%OTSS




&J0V@L+; 'M)+XAD+']OO0@X;Y:&I
MR:IXS@B[W_ EC3!IG:%BJ8KS3CR]9P7?BKU5.1\DE(R ;OSP
EJ5F$..=VC
%Y)4XW1&55BC+R\Y$_X4WZ)4^U=IYL'K
MJ
V\_OS;:N;=0O7;S
WT.\6;Q+




M9H_!ZU_BXODY2]A

@R*


2W#
MM(C7^'AB
-\
+__

MA^M%U


U3E?X
MQRR+\ALL/Q@CD?-\)-WB*( 6I; 7RE9:4
Y48 2'\XQ'

+C%LLM2 =E[ _!
M7)GG6J_B



@F:31)&(YCG

M[

MF6HZCVF8SS_C?C**X59^CK+06\W2;_&+V+)[*CN[($SV*S7$C2%J#7%SJ/FA
M






H\Y



GKB

MW7ZT7.BE(W6J?P)K-MM9%%$?4):(_?P=F.K2H3
M[3R



ML\9N5Y&B'NAZU

P0FP

MM[.;K- .8E6R@.K)%&\5UDKL KA*C'HU=Q&J3AT&@IT094:P- .T;+QM3X
MT9*AI/T[^Q_6
:^#A+&OS#33GW!)MXD=] '5\2#8PD8RJV$VI.'_:-FAXYWR

-9N2

KK! &JC'-WS
W6&VFA)PJP-&4!M;=0S

MOJ0$A]D\Y8\O!:_5D$?:Y2A$ 5T=
R'LUTM;GE=*K0&K




0


 %0   &QW87DM
C Q-S$R


MZ



&'T




M$MU


UBU%EWXD


)ET&31#$7]

MZML(
!MI8X?!30&S\9E3&
0L

;4W&-HT\%L?
8$
M^C8C3%6MH4/?)H4KL0D
%S\;(H.;%X9C-J:PQ;WFG
2N'T0'Q1KX-2+3)+CR
MG_O:@ P^ 


]V&

MU*-MPB3OD-;VH60;A8B@,Y_OB)9!+:MY:TFN5VC%H0:KOPT3)LGOV(P-O
MH$G?O@99^](=\2@73^ ;.2[-*0PEU7,R)8R1?_1=.
VIS'4H+^&C N)FXU_
MIA\])2&W&5H-74-I( :


8^'+P[RN]1


A7^
4?@R7B%E?DN83SD'$W$17RW\2E-#



MLV-F
F9GJ O^6\

M

OYP2/Z6





17!E/X0E7..8
MHCHD;$$8^'1M=%S8E:ERY;N/?I#FG_/-NUY5F^ FE

MO-*HC8
M%VM@4J<$.ZP:BIGHV,(%21!

M.UZW!::QA#

M:N

M'='3RP
';J4A&FUVYL@
YKOH[^2[*YM=&V=5#^ZI8ZS.C;$XI6X+94L'K+E\



3DN*#NGR6
\38)Z



\D)



A
MYS3AS.;F-PVC4S*EC)2J(WUZY6+CL/FARY:7W
A+JTCPGIRO()539B_H0ID#

X]@XLCK56I]$I1EX
MF3C+4ZJ



/F[X?2O
M*P0XE$QA


MN#+N%15(-[:''\VWAS+)_^7D1%'4Z6Q7:
^H.VCYP'R$#^IRC]5VNGE74]=!

 #YRE);]\8@%)JBPR8#;5J0J T_/(5&0PH9*HDEFP:
MIMZ5]\$$'FW
6(CYZ14M17R)L/FV
[IG-M
BGL
\N;(4%%I7/5@YRA4G(W
MCC)*7XB(W2J==6FT&6#V\#1R#$.PWWC#0\=)-+&T


Q3P@O29



5QEP/:JSVQ;$ ;T/@AH)%N
MYW7K926S/&QK5!+(F 9X2+LW;X*]Y'L&O5Q%_8'GUG$?U87S##K#1[J;@&.

AE-^%?'5W;K0H-!

MMXPL7']2N#F*A^'+/-5]Z9Y6WJFJC/DRP!]JXZ-)'=1DU8O/+=1S\P#'/9
MTH%_]G(+-J=@MCMSEMWV=;H7'4%?SS)32F5F=%1N














.I.)MD8)_=

MY


M//JI%I-_=^B4**7^RY26LT$





\[4QQK

7^G*NC(BNZ
MVFYLESKE?.+(;[DCSR1
B'A9B2N_D&#*U-)HI=1VA7YGVAHJ8W'@0*\A/]H4





E7Y&]6TJV48&Q7!




M)W-L.TJM3.J)6 /+_(@:$QEX493

M?MJ5\LMK[:P




M\&^?O/H*6(PZCP@G(WY*9T&


ML=K.$)3!ZNBT!T7.
0XTTCMIXIT9F^U*V0FZ\G)[G QD@0.T1A9E=5]:V)!R
M



 



MJY'(-YM!!^4



MH14%
)*VT
O4L+5.\(H/



\##TZ)^EO6AAM:$#;


<$B];-=KCW#2QMN$F
0%*R._WY*H6&R


)J+30C9X42T[


MC@]Y59;*_ 18[0;LS1Y@ULL% ^_2*94Y*%PXMXP^^U'95[LQ17^L3M&/HE2?
MH.+$@DS96;


%


M-JS
PW@!6R0@U
MN+?



,\B4B7MX&;ACS,^2G?R?^8J[<6:T)08<Y#5$R@58KKO%?
M9)(S;JL.\+'/'E'O]P''.[;VF[[F='(;OF6]AM?O
Q
$NC6[VRLZ^0C/N8S
ME['EE+(7ETW

M.=1

S]^)^^D M%6RU/TPT\5MD/UC)9C/TR


OTXW

FEQ?+B

MZ+A



M^.)1IRTL

AK9$:20ZNB/6J<6Y?+A\+VP&ZOZXWG.A%%EXP&
M5\Z$.-N/;$VMW6&L
_UH/7OOB(B$\]]%!4IQ

M@U/V^X28?4+



M?=AL'S;#'[I!'#8K?

M M;

MHZ?+T.-C]Y_)*0T3M8W3W!S\38LMX*66P* X721!L
SN8'#^YC1
546)E;H+
M_$L/6P+

?6%L+Y&C'OEA8]NWX@SB87

MB9Q]D;@?1HH+'*;]1W/#T4X@K6\H/A/V2,?S^QN+V2WVUYH _NZ^]^_/1$


ML1N4_RXN0UW3^)\DOB


M.+(Q9XX3N20^


)

7





M 22)F.MMI+#NM3F9S5UP@*)2+SDT

^
MCM-DIK[S:M85^OJ;5J'*=R)MI#'0A=:KS

N*CYP
M^
%6C_?D)47JH]4=1
PI($%.KY$5&

DUBRHKKZ7POBB[0
MU[AL%;2G588.*SU='@UZZNIM-T#/2W9?JK:2MW(CN9.0Q_2PZP(Z\&?S(5/
M47&


MKKG#WA\Z.4DG?8_%B4M$D=TC:^)=[R33]\3@O!FEV\P4E+TC#9O#!J\CK4&G


M9




M=V%Y+3(P

C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      88'Y

MS 

#$W
3(S

3!@     &  8 B@$  .!Q 0    $!
end



