

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-001046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210325
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				363442829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17363
		FILM NUMBER:		21770291
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-967-1010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIFEWAY FOODS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703









     


Table
of Contents


Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2020



&#9744; TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

_____________ to _____________



LIFEWAY
FOODS
 INC.
(Name of registrant as specified in its
charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    


6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois
60053
(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)


(Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:



    
    
    

Common Stock
 No Par Value
    
    


Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:



is a well-known seasoned issuer
No







(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;


has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(&sect;
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging
growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a)&nbsp;of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&#9744;


on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
its audit report. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 


and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of June
30
 2020 ($2.28 per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market) was $9
390
506.


 2021
 15
604
480 shares
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 no par value
 were outstanding.


Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 18
 2021
 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    





provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 readers are advised that this document
 any document incorporated
by reference herein
 and other documents we file with the SEC
 contain forward looking statements. In addition
 we
 or others on
our behalf
 may make forward looking statements in press releases or written statements
 or in our communications and discussions
with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings
 webcasts
 phone calls
 and conference calls. Forward
looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
indicated by the forward looking statements. These statements use words
 variations of words
 and negatives of words such as &quot;may
&quot;
&quot;could
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;depend
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;will
&quot; &quot;result
&quot;
&quot;can
&quot; &quot;remain
&quot; &quot;assurance
&quot; &quot;subject to
&quot; &quot;require
&quot; &quot;limit
&quot; &quot;impose
&quot;
&quot;guarantee
&quot; &quot;restrict
&quot; &quot;continue
&quot; &quot;become
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; &quot;likely
&quot;
&quot;opportunities
&quot; &quot;effect
&quot; &quot;change
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; and &quot;estimate.&quot;
Examples of forward looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 (i) projections of revenues
 income or loss
 earnings or
losses per share
 capital expenditures
 dividends
 capital structure and other financial items
 (ii) statements of Lifeway Foods
Inc.&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) plans and objectives
 including
the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers
 suppliers
 competitors or regulatory authorities
(iii) statements of future economic performance
 and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements
about Lifeway or its business.


on management&rsquo;s beliefs
 assumptions
 estimates and observations of future events based on information available to our management
at the time the statements are made and include any statements that do not relate to any historical or current fact. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed
 implied or forecast by our forward looking statements
due in part to the risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions that include



    
The actions of our competitors and customers
 including those related to price competition;




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business
 suppliers
 consumers
 customers
 and employees;




    
disruptions to our supply chain
 or our manufacturing and distribution capabilities
 including those due to cybersecurity threats and the COVID-19 outbreak; and




    
the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1
 &ldquo;Business&rdquo;
 Item 1A &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and Item 7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and that are described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.



the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward looking statements.
Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results. We intend these forward looking
statements to speak only at the date made. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports required to be filed
by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) pursuant to the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 we have
no duty to update these statements
 and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements
whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.




    
    









and Ludmila Smolyansky shortly after their emigration from Russia to the United States. Mr. and Mrs. Smolyansky were the first
to successfully introduce kefir to the U.S. consumer on a commercial scale
 initially catering to ethnic consumers in the Chicago
Illinois metropolitan area. In the over thirty years that have followed
 Lifeway has grown to become the largest producer and marketer
of kefir in the U.S. and an important player in the broader market spaces of probiotic-based products and natural
 &ldquo;better
for you&rdquo; foods.




a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive blend
of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 25 to 30 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming Units)
at the time of manufacture.


and market products under the Lifeway and Fresh Made brand names
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low-fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 and BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures).

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese
 white cheese
 and Sweet Kiss.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both soft serve and pint-size containers.








    
    



as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
81
437
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
822
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
905
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
459
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
872
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
228
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
733
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
780
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
594
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
756
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
617
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
102
026
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
93
662
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


Product innovation and new product
development


positions as the leading producer of kefir and a recognized leader in the market for probiotic products. We routinely evaluate
opportunities for new product flavors and formulations
 improved package design
 new product configurations and other innovation
opportunities. Beyond our core drinkable kefir products
 we have an ongoing effort to extend the strength of the Lifeway brand
and leverage the capabilities of the Lifeway organization into categories both inside and outside of the dairy aisle
 including
into non-food categories and into additional channels
 such as gyms and fitness studios. In 2020
 we maintained the level of focus
on product innovations
 packaging innovations
 and growth opportunities. These product innovation and development efforts have
led to additional revenue opportunities from Plantiful and Kefir minis.


of new products to be a significant part of our overall business philosophy. Where possible
 we leverage our existing staff and
facilities to conduct our innovation
 research
 and development efforts
 rather than maintaining a dedicated research and development
staff and facilities or relying solely on third parties. In 2020
 in light of the Covid-19 outbreak
 and our focus was on expanding
sales of our current products
 and less on new product development.






 approximately 99%
of our revenue was derived from products manufactured at our own facilities. We currently operate the following manufacturing and
distribution facilities:



    
    
Morton Grove
 Illinois
 which produces drinkable kefir
 drinkable ProBugs kefir
 Kefir Cups
 and cheese products;




    
    
Waukesha
 Wisconsin
 which produces drinkable kefir products and from which we store and distribute products;




    
    
Niles
 Illinois
 which stores and serves as a distribution point for products
 including those manufactured by co-packers;




    
    
Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 which produces drinkable kefir
 cheese
 and butter products
 from which we store and distribute products.



and all our fixed assets associated with manufacturing
 storage
 and distribution of our products are located in the United States.




    
    





in our own facilities
 independent manufacturers (&ldquo;co-packers&rdquo;) manufacture some of our products. We have co-packer
agreements to manufacture drinkable and frozen kefir in Ireland and the United Kingdom
 respectively
 to serve our European markets.
During&nbsp;2020 and 2019
 approximately 1% of our revenue was derived from products manufactured by co-packers. Our co-packers
are audited regularly by our staff and are required to follow our specifications and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Additionally
the co-packers are required to ensure our products are manufactured in accordance with our quality and safety specifications and
that they are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations.






our direct sales force
 brokers
 and distributors. Our sales organization strives to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships
with our customers that facilitate favorable shelf placement for our products
 which we believe will drive sales volumes when combined
with our marketing efforts and our brand strength. Our relationships with food brokers provide additional retail customer coverage
as a supplement to our direct sales force.

Distribution inside the United
States


through four primary &ldquo;route-to-market&rdquo; pathways:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we sell
our products to the retailer that either the retailer&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers for
delivery to those retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. In turn
 our retailers then deliver the products to their respective stores.
Customers in this route-to-market grouping include Kroger
 Walmart and Trader Joe&rsquo;s. Under the retail direct model
 optimal
product merchandising
 assortments and product presentation are attended to by the retailer with limited support from Lifeway&rsquo;s
broker network. Sales to our retail-direct customers represent approximately 45% of our total net sales for the year ended 2020.


 we sell
our products to distributors that either the distributor&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers
for delivery to those distributors&rsquo; designated warehouses. In turn
 our distributors then sell and ship our products to their
retail customers. Our distributors often use a DSD model of their own to make deliveries directly to individual stores
 but they
also make deliveries to retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. Our distributor customers include United Natural Foods (UNFI)
 KeHE
Distributors
 and C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers. The distributor attends to optimal product merchandising
 assortments
 and product
presentations at the retail end of the channel
 with support from Lifeway&rsquo;s direct sales force and broker network. Sales
to our distributor customers represent approximately 50% of our total net sales for year ended 2020.





    
    



to market
 we distribute our products directly to the retailer using Company-owned vehicles and a team of Lifeway merchandisers
who engage face-to-face with store management to ensure optimal product assortments and presentations. We operate our DSD model
in the Chicago
 Illinois metropolitan area only. Sales to our DSD customers represent approximately 3% of our total net sales for
the year ended 2020.


 Illinois metropolitan area
Lifeway operates two retail stores and a food truck under its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary. The Lifeway Kefir Shop sells its frozen
and drinkable kefir products
 as well as certain Lifeway products
 through these retail outlets. Sales through these retail outlets
represented less than 1% of net sales for the year ended 2020.

.



are distributed within the United States; however
 certain of our distributors sell our products to retailers in Mexico and portions
of South America and the Caribbean. Additionally
 Lifeway products reach consumers in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 Norway
 Sweden
and the Middle East under third party co-manufacturing agreements and in-country broker and distributor arrangements. Sales outside
the United States represents approximately 2% of net sales for the year ended 2020.

Channel- and Market-Specific Distribution and Broker
Representation Arrangements


agreements with independent distributors and food brokers allow us the latitude to establish new relationships as the opportunities
and needs arise. Where appropriate given the relationship
 market
 and business opportunity
 we offer exclusive channels
 markets
and/or territories to our distributors and brokers.


with products at wholesale prices for distribution to their retail accounts. Lifeway believes that the prices at which we sell
our products to distributors are competitive with the prices generally paid by distributors for similar products in the markets
served. Due to the perishable nature of our products and the costs associated with moving product back through the channel
 we
do not offer return privileges to any of our distributors or channel customers; however
 from time to time we do provide our customers
with allowances for non-saleable product.


generally on a commission basis
 subject in some cases to a minimum commission guarantee. The commissions vary based on the scope
of services provided and customers served. Our brokers represent our products to a variety of prospective buyers. These buyers
could be specialty stores
 retail grocery chains
 wholesalers
 foodservice operators and distributors
 drug chains
 mass merchandisers
industrial users
 schools and universities
 or military installations. With support from our direct sales force
 brokers may provide
other value-added services. These may include scheduling and coordinating promotions
 merchandising
 centralized ordering
 and
data collection services.




trade promotions
 and consumer promotions to market our products.

Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion
Allowances


and trade promotional programs to its retailer and distributor customers from time to time in the normal course of business. These
sales incentives and trade promotion programs typically include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable
product
 coupons
 and other trade promotional activities. Trade promotions support price features
 displays
 and other merchandising
of our products by our retail and distributor customers. We record these arrangements as a reduction to net sales in our consolidated
statements of operations.






    
    


Consumer Promotions and Marketing
Campaigns


of marketing and media campaigns - primarily digital and social media
 print advertising in some newspapers and magazines
 and
to a lesser extent
 targeted television advertising. We complement these marketing and media efforts by sponsoring cultural and
community events
 and various festivals
 as well as participating in industry-related trade shows and in-store promotional events.
Our consumer marketing efforts also include cooperative advertising programs with our retail customers and various couponing campaigns
online consumer relationship programs
 and other similar forms of promotions.


demand with new and existing consumers by elevating awareness and consumption of kefir and probiotics
 as well as enhancing our
brand equity. Our awareness marketing seeks to promote the verifiable nutritional profile
 purity
 benefits
 and good taste of
our kefir.




of other domestic kefir producers and consequently faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products. However
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
kefir-based products compete with other dairy products
 notably spoonable and drinkable yogurt
 and
 increasingly
 with non-dairy
probiotic products that incorporate kefir cultures but are not kefir. Many of our competitors are well-established and have significantly
greater financial resources than Lifeway to promote their products.




milk
 pectin
 and fruit purees from unaffiliated suppliers. In addition
 we purchase significant quantities of packaging materials
to package our products and natural gas and electricity to operate our facilities. Purchases are made through purchase orders or
contracts
 and price
 delivery terms
 and product specifications vary. Although the prices for our principal inputs can fluctuate
based on economic
 weather
 and other conditions
 Lifeway believes it has ready access to multiple suppliers for all ingredient
packaging
 and other input requirements.




 2020
two customers collectively accounted for approximately 21% of our total net sales.
accounts receivable
as of December 31
 2020.




reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating
Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues
relate to the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers
through a common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.






    
    





 Danone SA
 through
subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Danone&rdquo;)
 has been the beneficial owner of approximately 22% of the outstanding common
stock of Lifeway. Lifeway and Danone are parties to a Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999
 which as amended provides
Danone the right to designate one director nominee
 provides Danone with anti-dilutive rights relating to certain future offerings
and issuances of capital stock
 and grants Danone limited registration rights.




and service marks are important to our marketing efforts to develop brand recognition and differentiate our brand from our competitors
and are a valuable part of our business. We own many domestic and international trademarks and service marks. In addition
 we own
numerous registered and unregistered copyrights
 registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 trade dress
 technology
know-how
 processes
 and other proprietary rights that are not registered. Depending on the jurisdiction
 trademarks are generally
valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have become
generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. We also have
licenses to use certain trademarks inside and outside of the United States and to certain product formulas
 all subject to the
terms of the agreements under which such licenses are granted. Lifeway&rsquo;s policy is to pursue registration of intellectual
property whenever appropriate. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
trade dress
 trade secret and other intellectual property laws
 and domain name dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing
agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements; and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual
property. We regard the Lifeway family of trademarks and other intellectual property as having substantial value and as being an
important factor in the marketing of our products. The loss of such protection would have a material adverse impact on our operations
and share price.




by federal
 state
 and local governmental authorities. In the United States
 agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing
 and
distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the United States Food &amp;
Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (&ldquo;EPA&rdquo;)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;)
 and their state
and local equivalents. Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for
quality
 safety
 and representation of our products to consumers. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating
to our products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
 we rely on third
parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Additionally
 our facilities are subject to various
laws and regulations regarding the release of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways.


 we are subject to the
laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food
Standards Agency in the United Kingdom; the National Service of Health
 Food Safety and Agro-Food Quality (known by its Spanish-language
acronym &ldquo;SENASICA&rdquo;) and the Federal Commission for the Protection from Sanitary Risks (&ldquo;COFEPRIS&rdquo;) in Mexico;
the Food Safety Authority in Ireland; and the European Food Safety Authority
 which supports the European Commission
 as well as
individual country
 province
 state
 and local regulations.






    
    





and organic raw milk. The federal government establishes minimum prices for raw milk purchased in federally regulated areas. Some
states have established their own rules for determining minimum prices. The federal government announces prices for raw milk each
month. While we are subject to federal government regulations that establish minimum prices for milk
 the prices we pay producers
of organic raw milk are generally well above such minimum prices
 as organic milk production is generally costlier
 and organic
milk therefore commands a price premium. In addition to the prices for raw milk
 we also pay producer (&ldquo;over-order&rdquo;)
premiums
 federal order administration costs
 and other related charges that vary by milk product
 location
 and supplier.




ensure the safety of our products. In addition to routine inspections by state and federal regulatory agencies
 including the USDA
and FDA
 we have instituted Company-wide quality systems that address topics such as supplier control; ingredient
 packaging
 and
product specifications; preventive maintenance; pest control; and sanitation. Each of our facilities also has in place a hazard
analysis critical control points (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. To the extent that the federal Food Safety
Modernization Act applies to Lifeway&rsquo;s business
 we develop food safety plans and implement preventive measures to protect
against food contamination. We also maintain a product recall plan
 including lot identifiability and traceability measures that
allow us to act quickly to reduce the risk of consumption of any product that we suspect may pose a health issue.


including product liability and product recall coverages
 which we believe to be sufficient to cover potential product liabilities.


Food (&ldquo;SQF&rdquo;) program at most of our facilities. SQF is a fully integrated food safety and quality management protocol
designed specifically for the food sector. The SQF Code
 based on universally accepted CODEX Alimentarius
 HACCP guidelines and
the Global Food Safety Initiative (&ldquo;GFSI&rdquo;) standards
 offers a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and
quality simultaneously. SQF certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies
with international
 regulatory and other specified standards. Our Waukesha
 Morton Grove
 and Niles facilities are SQF certified.








 2020
 we employed approximately
316 employees
 approximately 103 of which were members of a union bargaining unit.




investors at www.lifewayfoods.com and it makes available
 free of charge
 through this website its annual report on Form 10-K
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the
SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC.






    
    


ITEM 1A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RISK FACTORS


our business
 you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations&rdquo; contained in Part II
 Item 7 and &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&rdquo;
contained in Part II
 Item 7A. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become important factors that adversely
affect our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
financial condition
 results of operations
 and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.




Our product categories face a high
level of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


domestic kefir producers and consequently faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products. However
 our kefir-based
products compete with other dairy products
 notably spoonable and drinkable yogurt
 and
 increasingly
 with non-dairy probiotic
products that incorporate kefir cultures but are not kefir. We face significant competition for limited retailer shelf space in
each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand
recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes
and preferences. We believe that our brands have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories
and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded products
 as well as from
private label competitors. Some of our competitors
 such as Danone
 General Mills
 Chobani
 Hain Celestial Group
 and Nestle
 have
substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and others may be able to introduce innovative products more quickly
or market their products more successfully than we can
 which could cause our growth rate to be slower than we anticipate and could
cause sales to decline.



products
 such as Millennium Products and PepsiCo
 that have lower ingredient and production-related costs. As a result
 these
competing producers may be able to offer their products to customers at a lower price point. This could cause us to lower our prices
resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
private label competitors are generally able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have
lower marketing costs than their branded counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private
label offerings
 demand for our products and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted.


 due to high levels of competition
certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our products or may become more resistant to price increases for our
products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on
our results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully implement our business
strategy for our brands on a timely basis or at all.


in part
 on our ability to implement our strategy of leveraging our existing brands with our current and new products to maintain
our market position in our product categories; drive increased sales; acquire or establish new brands; and create strategic alliances
including potential joint ventures. Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
introduce timely
 new
 cost-effective
 and appealing products and innovate successfully within our existing product categories;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners and accurately assess their value
 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
integrate acquired brands
 products
 or joint ventures into our company and our business strategy.



elements of our business strategy
 our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


is to introduce timely
 new
 cost-effective
 and appealing products and to innovate successfully within our existing product categories.
However
 consumer tastes and preferences change rapidly
 and evolve over time. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences
include:



    
    
dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages;




    
    
concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals;




    
    
concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people;




    
    
decisions by yogurt and non-dairy beverage manufacturers to mislabel their products as &ldquo;kefir&rdquo; in order to benefit from our branding and marketing efforts
 a marketing ploy that can cause significant confusion and misunderstanding among consumers; and




    
    
    



the results we expect when we expect them for a variety of reasons including those described herein. Our future product development
and innovation will be reliant on our ability to identify and develop potential new growth opportunities. This process is inherently
risky and will result in investments of substantial time and resources for which we may not achieve any return or value. Successful
product development and innovation is also affected by our ability to launch new or improved products successfully and on a timely
and cost-effective basis.


 incur debt
 or
issue equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities to fund our business strategy
 or may be unable to fund that strategy. Any of these
events could adversely affect our financial results and our business. We could experience similar effects if we invest resources
in a strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. If
 due to a failure of our strategy or any other reason
 consumer demand
for our products declines
 our sales volumes
 results of operations
 and our business could be negatively affected
 and we may
not be able to create or sustain growth or successfully implement our business strategy.





    
    


Interruption of our supply chain could affect our
ability to manufacture or distribute products
 could adversely affect our business and sales
 and/or could increase our operating
costs and capital expenditures.


suppliers and co-packers that require them to provide us with specific finished goods
 including packaging and kefir. For some
of these products
 we essentially rely on a single supplier or co-packer as our sole source for the item. The failure for any reason
of any such sole source or other co-packer to fulfill its obligations under the applicable agreements with us or the termination
or renegotiation of any such sourcing agreement could result in disruptions to our supply of finished goods and have an adverse
effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 our suppliers and co-packers are subject to risk
 including labor disputes
union organizing activities
 financial liquidity
 inclement weather
 natural disasters
 supply constraints
 and general economic
and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable products
 which could disrupt our
supply of finished goods
 or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the supplier or
co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing new arrangements with other
providers. A new arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as our existing arrangements
 if at all.


capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our
business or implement our strategic plan and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations.

Disruption of our manufacturing or
distribution chains or information technology systems
 including disruption due to cybersecurity threats
 could adversely affect
our business.


 in
part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing
needs. Our ongoing initiatives to expand our production platform and our productive capacity could fail to achieve such objectives
and
 in any case
 could increase our operating costs beyond our expectations and could require significant additional capital expenditures.
If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing
 and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution
 and warehousing costs may increase
 which could
negatively affect our business.


 damage or disruption to our
manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism
 cybersecurity
threats and other security breaches
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key distributors
 warehousing
and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products.


and distribution facilities. A disruption in operations at any of these facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain
relating to common carriers
 supply of raw materials and finished goods
 or otherwise
 whether as a result of casualty
 natural
disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications failure
 cybersecurity threat
 terrorism
 labor shortages
 contractual disputes or other
causes
 could significantly impair our ability to operate our business and adversely affect our relationship with our customers.
Furthermore
 our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all related costs.


also critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. These
systems include
 without limitation
 networks
 applications
 and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business.
A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction
errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and sales losses
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems
may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
and cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity threats in particular are persistent
 evolve quickly and include
 without limitation
computer viruses
 unauthorized attempts to access information
 denial of service attacks
 and other electronic security breaches.
Like our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business generally
 we expect that we will
continue to be the subject of cybersecurity threats. In some cases we must rely on the safeguards put in place by the third parties
with whom we do business to protect against security threats. We believe we have implemented appropriate measures and controls
and have invested in sufficient resources to appropriately identify and monitor these threats and mitigate potential risks
 including
risks involving our customers and suppliers. However
 there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent
cybersecurity breaches
 disruptions to mission critical systems
 the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption
of data
 or harm to facilities or personnel.





    
    



our operations
 or the operations of our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties; could require significant
management attention and resources; could result in the loss of business
 regulatory actions and potential liability; and could
negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public. Any of these outcomes could have a negative impact on our
financial condition
 results of operations
 or liquidity.

Our debt and financial obligations
could adversely affect our financial condition
 our ability to obtain future financing
 and our ability to operate our business.


could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore
from time to time
 we may need additional financing to support our business and pursue our business strategy
 including strategic
acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
the condition of the capital markets
 and other factors. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on
favorable terms when required
 or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities
those securities may have rights
 preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and
equity-linked securities
 our existing stockholders may experience dilution.


 2020
 we had outstanding
borrowings of $2
768
 net of $9 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 which consisted of a revolving line of credit. Our loan
agreements contain certain restrictions and requirements that among other things:



    
    
    




    
    
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all
or part of our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to
take any of these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all.


If market interest rates increase
 it will increase our debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow.


ability to:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    






    
    



our business could harm our ability to execute on our business strategy by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage
of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities
 and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events
beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. Unless cured or waived
 a default would permit lenders
to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

Loss of our key management or other
personnel
 or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
 could negatively impact our business.


 working relationships
and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Employee strikes and other labor-related
disruptions may adversely affect our operations.


terms and conditions of employment for a significant portion of our workforce. Although we believe union relations since the union&rsquo;s
certification as the exclusive bargaining representative of this portion of our workforce have been amicable
 there is no assurance
that this will continue in the future or that we will not be subject to future union organizing activity. There are potential adverse
effects of labor disputes with our own employees or by others who provide warehousing
 transportation
 and distribution
 both domestic
and foreign
 of our raw materials or other products. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we
are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our
business
 financial condition
 or results of operations. The terms and conditions of existing
 renegotiated
 or new collective
bargaining agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes
to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any
inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.


particularly our trademarks
 but also our copyrights
 registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 technology
 know-how
processes and other proprietary rights to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
 trade dress
 trade secret
 and other intellectual property
laws
 and domain name dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
and assignment agreements; and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain
adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the
current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.


have infringed third parties&rsquo; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those
without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate
the challenged intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 divert management&rsquo;s attention
and resources
 or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party&rsquo;s intellectual
property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly
license or royalty agreements
 or stop the sale of certain products
 any of which could have a negative effect on our results of
operations.





    
    


The Smolyansky family controls a majority of our common
stock and has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval.


by members of the Smolyansky family
 and collectively
 they have the ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes
 including
the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger
 change of control
 or other significant corporate
transaction. No person interested in acquiring Lifeway will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Smolyansky family.
We believe that having the Smolyansky family as a significant part of a long-term-focused
 committed
 and engaged stockholder base
provides us with an important strategic advantage
 particularly in a business with a mature
 well-recognized brand. This advantage
could be eroded or lost
 however
 should Smolyansky family members cease
 collectively
 to be controlling stockholders of Lifeway.
We desire to remain independent and family-owned
 and we believe the Smolyansky family shares these interests. However
 the Smolyansky
family&rsquo;s interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders&rsquo; interests. By exercising their control
 the Smolyansky
family could cause Lifeway to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals of institutional
 short-term
 non-voting
or other non-controlling investors
 or that have a negative effect on our stock price.


 collectively
controls a majority of our common stock (approximately 50.1%)
 we are considered a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; under Nasdaq
Listing Rules. Controlled companies are exempt from Nasdaq listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent
directors
 a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee
 and a fully independent compensation committee. Our
Board of Directors has determined that Lifeway will avail itself of these exemptions
 though we currently maintain a Board composed
of a majority of independent directors. As a result of the controlled company exemption
 our corporate governance practices differ
from those of non-controlled companies
 which are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Specifically
while we continue to maintain a majority of independent directors on the Board and to ensure that a committee of those independent
directors select director nominees and determine the compensation of our officers
 we have not
 in the past
 maintained separate
compensation or nominating committees. In May
 2020
 the Board of Directors formed a separate Compensation Committee and adopted
a Compensation Committee Charter. In the event we cease to be a controlled company
 we will be required to comply with all of
the corporate governance standards under Nasdaq&rsquo;s rules
 subject to applicable transition periods.



The consolidation of our customers
or the loss of any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


 such as supermarkets and food
distributors
 continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased
negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs
 as well as operate
with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
 all
of which could negatively impact our business. The consolidation of retail customers also increases the risk that a significant
adverse impact on their business could have a corresponding material adverse impact on our business.


for 21% of our net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020. Where we enter into written agreements with our customers
they are generally terminable after short notice periods by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts
based on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we
lose. The loss of any large customer
 the reduction of purchasing levels
 or the cancellation of any business from a large customer
for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.


independent distributors to customers. Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale. The loss of
 or business
disruption at
 one or more of these distributors may harm our business. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative
distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on satisfactory terms
or in a timely manner. Our inability to enter into satisfactory distribution agreements may inhibit our ability to implement our
business plan or to establish markets necessary to expand the distribution of our products successfully.





    
    


We are subject to the risk of product
contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial
costs.


involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties
 inadvertent mislabeling
product contamination or spoilage including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced
during the storage
 processing
 handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or production
processes violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our
products cause injury
 illness
 or death.


 we may be
required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products
 or cease operations
 which may lead to a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition
 customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if
a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 and even if we and each of our co-packers and suppliers comply
in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such
matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion
that our products caused illness or physical harm
 including the risk of reputational harm being magnified and/or distorted through
the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet
 including through news articles
 blogs
 chat rooms
 and social media
could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we
may have against others. We maintain product liability and product recall insurance in amounts that we believe to be adequate.
However
 we cannot be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount
of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on
our business
 consolidated financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.


We rely on independent certification for several of our
products and facilities.


 such
as certifications of our products as &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;gluten-free
&rdquo; to differentiate our products from others.
The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as a probiotic-based products and natural
&ldquo;better for you&rdquo; foods company
 which could harm our business. We rely on independent SQF certification at some of
our facilities
 a certification that some of our customers require us to maintain.


independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. For example
 we can lose our
&ldquo;organic&rdquo; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly
cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all organic raw materials must be certified organic or organic compliant. Our products
could lose their organic certifications if our raw material suppliers lose their organic certifications. Similarly
 we could lose
our SQF certification if we do not meet the requirements of the SQF Code. The loss of these certifications could cause us to lose
customers that require Lifeway products and/or facilities to carry some or all of them
 which could negatively affect our sales
and results of operations.

Increases in the cost of raw milk
could reduce our gross margin and profit.


 our
primary raw material
 is an agricultural commodity that is subject to price fluctuations. Although both conventional and organic
milk prices in fiscal 2020 were lower than the prior year
 there can be no assurance that such prices will remain at these levels
in the future. The supply and price of raw milk may be impacted by
 among other things
 weather
 natural disasters
 real or perceived
supply shortages
 lower dairy and crop yields
 general increases in farm inputs and costs of production
 political and economic
conditions
 labor actions
 government actions
 and trade barriers. Increases in the market price for raw milk or over-order premiums
charged by producers may also impact our ability to enter into purchase commitments at a fixed price. There can be no assurance
that our purchasing practices will mitigate future price risk. As a result
 increases in the cost of raw milk could have an adverse
impact on our profitability.





    
    



 the dairy industry continues
to experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic
farming compared to costs of conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of
organic raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause higher input costs
and reduce our ability to deliver product to our customers. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits
to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of
these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any
increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected.

Reduced availability of raw materials
and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for them
 could adversely affect us.


and other inputs in addition to conventional and organic raw milk
 such as sweeteners
 diesel fuel
 packaging material
 resin
and other commodities. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued
supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. In addition
 some of our raw materials are also
agricultural products
 and therefore subject to the same vulnerabilities described above for raw milk. Other events that adversely
affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and
other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&rsquo;
businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
 and reputation.



of our products are less plentiful and available from a fewer number of suppliers than their conventional counterparts. Competition
with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic
products increases.

Our business is subject to various
food
 environmental
 and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs
 subject us to liabilities
or otherwise adversely affect our business.


numerous requirements in the United States relating to food safety
 production
 and marketing
 as well as the protection of the
environment
 and health and safety matters. The food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace
safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among
other federal and state authorities
 the FDA
 USDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 and the U.S. Departments
of Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities in the foreign countries in which we do business. Environmental laws
including the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
as amended
 and the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes
and regulations in the United States and in each of the foreign countries in which we do business apply to our business operations
as well. These laws and regulations govern
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment.


 the marketing and advertising
of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and
foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our
products to children.


regulations relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
we rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Regulations and formal and informal
positions taken by the NOP pursuant to the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 are subject to continued
review and scrutiny.


the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
our customers
 or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
new laws and regulations or other federal and state regulatory initiatives could interrupt distribution of our products or force
changes in our production processes and our products. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
energy usage
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of
our customers or suppliers. These costs could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further
 if
we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including
third-party claims for property damage or personal injury
 fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 clean up costs
 and other civil sanctions
as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.





    
    


RISKS
RELATED TO COVID-19 AND OTHER PANDEMIC OR DISEASE OUTBREAKS

Pandemics
or disease outbreaks
 such as the novel coronavirus (COVID-19 virus)
 may disrupt consumption and trade patterns
 supply chains
and production processes
 which could materially affect our operations and results of operations.



ultimate impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or disease outbreak will have on our business and our consolidated
results of operations is uncertain.


we have seen increased customer and consumer demand for our products as consumers initially began pantry loading and have increased
their at-home consumption as a result of social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations. However
this increased customer and consumer demand may decrease in the coming months if and when the need for social distancing and stay-at-home
and work-from-home mandates and recommendations decrease
 and we are unable to predict the nature and timing of when that impact
may occur
 if at all. .


to date we have not experienced supply chain constraints
 and we have continued to be able to fully satisfy customer and
consumer demand for our products
 the continued unprecedented demand for food and other consumer packaged goods products as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic may limit the availability of
 or increase the cost of
 ingredients
packaging and other raw materials necessary to produce our products
 and our operations may be negatively impacted.
Additionally
 pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies
and financial markets
 consumer spending and confidence levels resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customer
and consumer demand for our products.


efforts to manage and mitigate these factors may be unsuccessful
 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond
our control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak
 as well as third party actions taken to contain
its spread and mitigate public health effects.


ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on many factors
 including
 among others
 the duration of
social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations and whether additional waves of COVID-19 or
different variants of COVID-19 will affect the United States and other markets
 our ability and the ability of our suppliers to
continue to operate our and their manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption and procure
ingredients
 packaging and other raw materials when needed despite unprecedented demand in the food industry
 and the extent to
which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating and
shopping habits. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the disruption. Therefore
 the financial impact cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time.

ITEM 1B&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS








    
    


ITEM 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;PROPERTIES





    
    
    
    
    

Morton Grove
 Illinois
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 principal executive offices

Waukesha
 Wisconsin
    
    
    
Production of kefir
 administrative offices

Niles
 Illinois
    
    
    
Distribution center
 administrative offices

Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 administrative offices

    
    
    
    
    

Chicago
 Illinois
    
    
    
    



adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required.
We believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for all our properties.

ITEM 3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
Lifeway believes that no such matter is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results
of operations.

ITEM 4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
















    
    




ITEM 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol &ldquo;LWAY.&rdquo; Trading commenced on March 29
 1988. As of March 8
 2021
 there
were approximately 59 holders of record of Lifeway&rsquo;s Common Stock
 one of which was Cede &amp; Co.
 a nominee for
Depository Trust Company
 or DTC
 and 75 financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners or in &ldquo;street
name&rdquo; the shares of which were  deposited into participant accounts at DTC and are considered to be held of record
by Cede &amp; Co. as one stockholder. 




low sale prices per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market for each quarter during the two most recent
fiscal years:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





pay dividends. From time to time however our Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends depending on our operating cash flow
financial condition
 capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant.


in fiscal 2020 or 2019.






    
    


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
($ in thousands)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
46
743
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
46
743
    
    
    
4
384
    

    
    
    
9
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
100
    
    
    
4
358
    

    
    
    
26
932
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
932
    
    
    
4
298
    

    
    
    
4
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
300
    
    
    
4
288
    

    
    
    
57
817
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
817
    
    
    
4
145
    

    
    
    
11
146
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
146
    
    
    
4
119
    

    
    
    
37
567
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
567
    
    
    
4
018
    

    
    
    
17
531
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
531
    
    
    
3
965
    

    
    
    
211
136
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
136
    
    
    
3
965
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
97
739
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
97
739
    
    
    
3
738
    

    
    
    
35
198
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
198
    
    
    
3
650
    

    
    
    
45
469
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
45
469
    
    
    
3
560
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
560
    

    
    
    
178
417
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
178
417
    
    
    
3
560
    




    
    
During the fourth quarter of 2015
 Lifeway publicly announced a share repurchase program. On November 1
 2017
 the our Board of Directors amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock program repurchase) the authorization the lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. The program has no expiration date. As of April 2020
 the Company had reached the amended threshold of 625 shares and therefore no shares of common stock remain available to be purchased under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment.


ITEM 6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA










    
    


ITEM 7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019 should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report on Form
10-K. In addition to historical information
 the following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within the &ldquo;safe
harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our future plans
objectives
 expectations and intentions. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &quot;may
&quot; &quot;could
&quot;
&quot;believe
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;depend
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;will
&quot; &quot;result
&quot; &quot;can
&quot;
&quot;remain
&quot; &quot;assurance
&quot; &quot;subject to
&quot; &quot;require
&quot; &quot;limit
&quot; &quot;impose
&quot;
&quot;guarantee
&quot; &quot;restrict
&quot; &quot;continue
&quot; &quot;become
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; &quot;likely
&quot;
&quot;opportunities
&quot; &quot;effect
&quot; &quot;change
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; and &quot;estimate
&quot;
and similar terms or terminology
 or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe the expectations
expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business
our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences
include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section in Part I
 Item 1A. We undertake no
obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes available or other
events occur in the future.



Comparison of Year Ended December 31
2020 to Year Ended December 31
 2019 (in 000&rsquo;s)



    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
102
026
93
662
8
364
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
72
006
68
367
(3
639
    

    
3
087
3
146
    
    

    
75
093
71
513
(3
580
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
26
933
22
149
4
784
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
10
197
11
062
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
11
661
12
828
1
167
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
22
010
24
082
2
072
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
923
(1
933
6
856
    

    
    
    
    
    







    
    





026 for the year ended
December 31
 2020
 an increase of $8
364 or 8.9% versus prior year. The net sales increase was primarily driven by higher volumes
of our branded drinkable kefir
 partially offset by lower cream revenues associated with a decline in the market price of butter
fat.




increased to 26.4% during the year ended December 31
 2020 from 23.6% during the same period in 2019. The increase versus the prior
year was primarily due to the impact of favorable milk pricing
 and to a lesser extent favorable freight costs.




to $10
197 during the year ended December 31
 2020 from $11
062 during the same period in 2019. The decrease versus prior year
primarily reflects a reduction in advertising and marketing expense
 such as trade shows and other marketing events which were
postponed due to COVID-19 and the lower planned spending on in-store demonstrations in 2020 compared to 2019. Selling expenses
as a percentage of net sales were 10.0% during the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to 11.8% for the same period in 2019.




$1
167 or 9.1% to $11
661 during the year ended December 31
 2020 from $12
828 during the same period in 2019. The decrease is
primarily a result of lower compensation expense due to organizational changes made in 2019 and lower incentive compensation
 partially
offset by increased professional fee expense.




federal
 state and local income taxes. Income tax expense was $1
596 and $782 during the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively.


the year ended December 31
 2020 was 33.1% compared to an ETR of 63.3% in the same period last year. The decrease in effective
tax rate is primarily the result of separate state tax rates
 non-deductible compensation expense related to equity incentive awards
the provision for unrecognized tax benefits and a benefit recognized in 2020 due to the enactment of the &ldquo;Coronavirus Aid
Relief
 and Economic Security Act&rdquo; (the CARES Act). The Company consistently reflects non-deductible officer compensation
expense
 non-deductible compensation expense related to equity incentive awards and separate state tax rates from year to year.
Although similar items were reflected in 2019
 the percentage effect is substantially different due to the difference in pre-tax
income in 2020 compared to 2019.


period to period based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the relative mix of pre-tax earnings (or losses)
 the underlying
income tax rates applicable to various state and local taxing jurisdictions
 enacted tax legislation
 the impact of non-deductible
items
 changes in valuation allowances
 and the expiration of the statute of limitations in relation to unrecognized tax benefits.
We record discrete income tax items such as enacted tax rate changes in the period in which they occur.



Code (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;) limits the deductibility of compensation paid to certain of our executives. Under the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) amendments to Section 162(m)
 no tax deduction in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017
is allowed for compensation paid to any covered employee to the extent that the total compensation for that covered employee exceeds
$1
000
000 in any taxable year. Although the Act eliminated the prior tax deduction under Section 162(m) for performance-based
executive compensation
 it included a transition rule under which the changes to Section 162(m) will not apply to awards made to
our covered employees who had the right to participate in our 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan pursuant to written binding contracts
in effect as of November 2
 2017
 as long as those contracts have not subsequently been modified in any material respect. Accordingly
subject to further guidance from the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;)
 the performance-based
compensation paid to our executives under our Omnibus Plan remained eligible for the Section 162(m) exemption in 2019. Beginning
in 2020
 compensation exceeding the threshold for covered employees is non-deductible for income tax purposes.


discussed in Note 10 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.





    
    





232 or $0.21
per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to net income of $453 or $0.03 per basic and diluted
common share in the same period in 2019.




ultimate impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or disease outbreak will have on our business and our consolidated
results of operations is uncertain.


we have seen increased customer and consumer demand for our products as consumers initially began pantry loading and have increased
their at-home consumption as a result of social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations. However
this increased customer and consumer demand may decrease in the coming months if and when the need for social distancing and stay-at-home
and work-from-home mandates and recommendations decrease
 and we are unable to predict the nature and timing of when that impact
may occur
 if at all. .


to date we have not experienced supply chain constraints
 and we have continued to be able to fully satisfy customer and
consumer demand for our products
 the continued unprecedented demand for food and other consumer packaged goods products as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic may limit the availability of
 or increase the cost of
 ingredients
packaging and other raw materials necessary to produce our products
 and our operations may be negatively impacted.
Additionally
 pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies
and financial markets
 consumer spending and confidence levels resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customer
and consumer demand for our products.


efforts to manage and mitigate these factors may be unsuccessful
 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond
our control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak
 as well as third party actions taken to contain
its spread and mitigate public health effects.


ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on many factors
 including
 among others
 the duration of
social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations and whether additional waves of COVID-19 or
different variants of COVID-19 will affect the United States and other markets
 our ability and the ability of our suppliers to
continue to operate our and their manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption and procure
ingredients
 packaging and other raw materials when needed despite unprecedented demand in the food industry
 and the extent to
which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating and
shopping habits. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the disruption. Therefore
 the financial impact cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time.


 our manufacturing facilities
have not been significantly impacted. We have full production capacity available at all locations at this time. On March 16
 2020
the food industry
 including grocery stores and their suppliers
 and transportation were classified by the U.S. federal government
as critical infrastructure industry. As a result
 our employees and facilities
 as well as the retailers and distributors that
sell our products
 will be able to remain in operation. During the first quarter of 2020
 Management
 anticipating the spread of
Covid-19 and its effects
 implemented a plan to mitigate effects of Covid-19 on supply and transportation of materials used to
make and package our products
 staffing
 and transportation of our products to customers. While the situation is fluid
 we have
evaluated all manufacturing locations and do not anticipate any staffing shortages or interruption of our production
 transportation
and sale of products in the near term.




 the COVID-19 pandemic has
not materially impacted on our operations. We expect to meet our foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements through
anticipated cash flows from operations; our revolving credit facility; and cash and cash equivalents to ensure the continuation
of the Company as a going concern. The success of our business and financing strategies will continue to provide us with the financial
flexibility to take advantage of various opportunities as they arise. Given the dynamic nature of COVID-19
 we will continue to
assess our liquidity needs while continuing to manage our discretionary spending and investment strategies.






    
    





cash equivalents of $4
090 during the year ended December 31
 2020 and a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $838 in the
same period in 2019. The drivers of the year over year change are as follows:


was $6
385 and $3
811 during the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating
activities is primarily due to the increase in cash generated through higher revenues and reduced expenses in 2020
 offset by the
change in working capital.


$1
890 during the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $838 in the same period
in 2019. The increase of net cash used in investing activities in 2020 reflects higher capital spending. In addition
 during 2019
the Company tendered approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method on the consolidated balance sheets
for cash proceeds of $1
509. See financing section below for use of those proceeds. We received net proceeds of $474 related to
the sale of our Skokie
 IL facility during 2019. Capital spending was $1
895 during the year ended December 2020 compared to $1
178
in 2019. Our capital spending is focused in three core areas: growth
 cost reduction
 and facility improvements. Growth capital
spending supports new product innovation and enhancements. Cost reduction and facility improvements support manufacturing efficiency
safety and productivity.


$405 and $3
811 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Under the terms of our line of credit agreement
(see Note 7)
 we utilized proceeds from our federal and state income tax refunds to repay $1
330 on our revolving line of credit
during 2019. We utilized the proceeds from the sale of our Skokie
 IL facility to repay $459 on our revolving line of credit during
2019. We utilized proceeds from the sale of our investment described in the investing section above to make a mandatory prepayment
of $1
484 on our revolving line of credit during 2019.


 2017
 Lifeway&rsquo;s Board
approved an increase in the aggregate amount under our previously announced 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 Repurchase
Plan Amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program)
the authorization the lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. We repurchased approximately 179 shares of common stock at a cost of $405
during the year ended December 31
 2020 under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment. We repurchased approximately 211 shares of common
stock at a cost of $538 during the year ended December 31
 2019 under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment. We may execute transactions
from time to time in the open market or by private negotiation
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations.
We intend to hold repurchased shares in treasury for general corporate purposes
 including issuances under our 2015 Omnibus Incentive
Plan.




 2020
 Lifeway entered
into the Third Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Third Modification&rdquo;)
with its existing lender. The Third Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by removing
the monthly borrowing base reporting requirement effective September 30
 2020
 including a covenant to maintain a quarterly minimum
working capital financial covenant
 as defined
 of no less than $11.25 million each of the fiscal quarters commencing the fiscal
quarter ended December 31
 2020 through the expiration date
 and eliminating the tier interest pricing structure. The Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement continues to provide Lifeway with a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $5 million
(the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) and provides the Borrowers with an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental
Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;). The Termination Date of the Revolving Loan was
extended to June 30
 2025
 unless earlier terminated.






    
    



 amended
 the
Modified Revolving Credit Facility remains substantively unchanged and in full force and effect
 including customary representations
warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to maintain a fixed charge coverage
ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.00 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving Credit
Facility continues to provide for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to
perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Modified Revolving
Credit Facility may be accelerated.


 2020
 we had $2
768
net of $9 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had $2
223 available for
future borrowings as of December 31
 2020.


 all outstanding amounts under
the Loans bear interest
 at Lifeway&rsquo;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the Prime Rate minus 1.00%) or the LIBOR
plus 1.95%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee of 0.20% and
 in conjunction
with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee of 0.20%. Lifeway&rsquo;s interest rate on debt outstanding
under our Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31
 2020 was 2.10%.


financial debt covenants as of December 31
 2020. See Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding our indebtedness and related agreements.




arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.





Critical Accounting Policies and
Use of Estimates


as those most important to the portrayal of a company&rsquo;s financial condition and results
 and require the most difficult
subjective
 or complex judgments. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated
by US GAAP with no need for the application of our judgement. In certain circumstances
 the preparation of our Consolidated Financial
Statements in conformity with US GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. We believe in the quality
and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts might be reported under different
conditions or using assumptions
 estimates or making judgments different from those that we have applied. Management has discussed
the development and selection of these critical accounting policies
 as well as our significant accounting policies (see Note 2
to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
 with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. We have identified the policies
described below as our critical accounting policies.






    
    





124 as of December
31
 2020. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis as of December 31
 2020. Our assessment did not result
in an impairment. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable
intangible assets acquired. We estimate the fair value of our one reporting unit annually (as of December 31)
 or more frequently
if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach.
Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash
flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration
industry and market conditions. The discount rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average
cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to
the business's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples
of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics.
The resulting fair value
 based on the income and market approaches
 is then compared to the carrying value to determine if impairment
is necessary.


assets
 which consist of brand names totaling $3
700 as of December 31
 2020
 using the relief from royalty method. Significant
assumptions include the royalty rate
 revenue growth rates
 and discount rates. Our assumptions were based on historical performance
and management estimates of future performance. Our assessment did not result in an impairment in 2020.




incentive programs to customers and consumers. From time to time
 we grant certain sales discounts to customers which are classified
as a reduction in sales. The measurement and recognition of discounts and allowances involve the use of judgment and our estimates
are made based on historical experience and specific customer program accruals. Differences between estimated and actual discount
and allowance costs are normally not material and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. The
process for analyzing trade promotion programs could impact our results of operations and trade spending accruals depending on
how actual results of the programs compare to original estimates. As of December 31
 2020
 we had $1 million of accrued discounts
and allowances.




receive various forms of share-based payment awards and we recognize compensation expense for these awards based on their grant
date fair values. The fair values of stock option awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model
 which incorporates certain assumptions regarding the expected term of an award and expected stock price volatility. The
expected term is determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the contractual term and vesting period of the stock
options. The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility of our common stock. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring
the grant date fair value
 but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. Key assumptions are described in further detail in
Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.




regulations
 and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. At any given time
 multiple tax years are subject to
audit by the various taxing authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.






    
    



an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The income tax benefit recognized in our financial statements from such
a position is measured based on the largest estimated benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. These judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits and changes to
or further interpretations of
 regulations. If such changes take place
 there is a risk that our tax rate may increase or decrease
in any period
 which would impact our earnings. Future business results may affect deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of
deferred tax assets over time.&nbsp;




 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information regarding recent accounting
pronouncements.

ITEM 7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK



ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    





















    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm




 Inc. and
Subsidiaries:




balance sheets of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the related
consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020
and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2020
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.




from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
subjective
 or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters.







since 2015

 Illinois






    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2020 and 2019





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
926
3
836


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts &amp; allowances of $1
350 and $1
100 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
8
002
6
692


 net
6
930
6
392

    
1
163
1
598

    
    
    

    
24
052
19
199

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
21
048
22
274

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
824
12
824


 net
    
    

    
12
824
12
976

    
    
    

    
1
800
1
800

    
60
069
56
987

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
592
5
282

    
2
196
4
087

    
    
    

    
8
441
9
523

    
2
768
2
745

    
    
    


 net
1
764
    

    
    
    

    
13
215
13
736

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2020 and 2019
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
604 and 15
710 shares outstanding at 2020 and 2019
6
509
6
509

    
2
600
2
380


 at cost
(12
450
(12
601

    
50
195
46
963

    
46
854
43
251

    
    
    

    
60
069
56
987


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2020
and 2019
(In thousands
 except per share data)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
102
026
93
662

    
    
    

    
72
006
68
367

    
3
087
3
146

    
75
093
71
513

    
    
    

    
26
933
22
149

    
    
    

    
10
197
11
062

    
11
661
12
828

    
    
    

    
22
010
24
082

    
    
    

    
4
923
(1
933

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
731


 net
    
1
413

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
168

    
    
    

    
4
828
1
235

    
    
    

    
1
596
    

    
    
    

    
3
232
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
15
597
15
748

    
    
    

    
15
766
15
804


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements






    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity
For the Years Ended December 31
 2020
and 2019





    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    

    
    
In
    treasury
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
 2019
17
274
6
509
(1
460
(12
970
2
303
46
563
42
405

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cumulative impact of change
    in accounting principles
 net of tax
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock in
    connection with stock-based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2019
17
274
6
509
(1
564
(12
601
2
380
46
963
43
251

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock in
    connection with stock-based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
232
3
232

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2020
17
274
6
509
(1
669
(12
450
2
600
50
195
46
854


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements






    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2020
and 2019





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
232
    

    
    
    

    
3
239
3
338

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
731

    
    
(1
413

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
304
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
067

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
278
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
385
3
811

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
509

    
(1
895
(1
178

    
    
    

    
(1
890
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(3
273

    
    
(3
811

    
    
    

    
4
090
    

    
3
836
2
998

    
7
926
3
836

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of (refunds)
    
(1
865

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements




    
    



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2020 and 2019 






statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). Our consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of Lifeway&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

Note 2 &ndash; Summary of significant
accounting policies 




statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.




Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern which requires management
to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosure in certain circumstances.
There were no conditions or events
 when considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.




select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 12
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery
to our customers or their common carriers. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&rsquo;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&rsquo;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.






    
    



are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods
 nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.




with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition. The Company does not charge interest on past due accounts receivable.




investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.




cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    



indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve
or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred.



Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets


price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. We estimate the fair value of
our one reporting unit annually (as of December 31)
 or more frequently if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the
fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value
of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates
of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used
to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant
risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the
projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable
publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The resulting fair value
 based on the income
and market approaches
 is then compared to the carrying value to determine if impairment is necessary. 


asset impairment exists using both qualitative and quantitative assessments annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
if certain conditions exist. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate
it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If
 based
on this qualitative assessment
 we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment
 a quantitative assessment is performed
to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for
impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations
 under
the relief from royalty method. Any excess of the carrying value over the amount of fair value is recognized as an impairment.
Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified.




combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets with finite
lives are amortized over their estimate useful lives as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



in Amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations.






    
    



for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts
more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions
to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including
changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted
future cash flows. If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the
intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.




following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&rsquo;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.


equity securities without a readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment
 if any
 plus or minus changes resulting from
observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. During October 2019
the Company sold approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method and recognized a $1
438 gain on sale
of investment
 which is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded
an unrealized gain of $1
731 resulting from the observable price change of this transaction
 which is recorded in other income
(expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has one investment without
a readily determinable fair value which is recorded at $1
800 in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet.




federal
 state
 local and foreign income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference
between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The principal sources
of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 incentive
compensation
 unrealized gain
 capitalization of indirect inventory costs for tax purposes
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
and the allowance for doubtful accounts.


deferred tax assets when it is more likely not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expense or benefit
is based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to period.






    
    



in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based
on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future
changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period
of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax
benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit
settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit)
for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations.




for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring the grant date fair value
but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company issues share based equity awards from treasury shares.




method.




and reported in Selling expense in our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total
advertising expenses were $2
407 and $3
394
 respectively.




is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive
common stock equivalents related to the Company&rsquo;s outstanding stock-based compensation awards outstanding during the reporting
period. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were 169 and 56 common stock equivalents outstanding
 respectively.






 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
Reform on Financial Reporting. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected
to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The guidance will be effective prospectively as of March 12
 2020 through
December 31
 2022 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance
will have on the consolidated financial statements.







    
    



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new guidance is intended to enhance and simplify

to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income

 2020 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period for public business entities
for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. Management does not anticipate the adoption of this ASU will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
Financial Instruments &ndash; Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 in November 2018
issued an amendment
 ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 and in November
2019 issued two amendments
 ASU 2019-10
 Financial Instruments&mdash;Credit Losses (Topic 326)
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815)
 and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates
 and ASU 2019-11
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments&mdash;Credit
Losses. The series of new guidance amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on
expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments
 including trade
receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance should be applied on either a prospective
transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the subtopic. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. Management is currently
evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.

Note 3 &ndash; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
1
725
1
942

    
2
234
2
230

    
2
971
2
220


 net
6
930
6
392


Note 4 &ndash; Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


 plant and equipment consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
565
1
565

    
17
834
17
332

    
31
707
30
670

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
52
969
51
558

    
(31
921
(29
284


 plant and equipment
 net
21
048
22
274







    
    





assets consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
(1
244
(1
244

    
9
124
9
124

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
12
824





assessment of goodwill for our single reporting unit as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 noting no impairment loss. Considerable
management judgment is necessary to evaluate goodwill for impairment. We estimate fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques
including discounted cash flows and market multiples analysis with respect to our single reporting unit. These valuation approaches
are dependent upon a number of factors
 including estimates of future growth rates
 our cost of capital
 capital expenditures
income tax rates
 and other variables. Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating
plans. Our discounted cash flows forecast could be negatively impacted by a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions
to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including
changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. Additionally
 under the market
approach analysis
 we used significant other observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair
value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable
 but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Changes in these
estimates or assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and the conclusions of the quantitative goodwill
test for our one reporting unit.




assessment on the indefinite-lived intangible asset as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 resulting in no impairment losses.




 net consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(8
244
(8
092


 net
    
    







    
    








    



    
    
    

    
1
366
3
009

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
196
4
087







 2018
 Lifeway entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Revolving Credit Facility&rdquo;) with its existing lender. On April
10
 2019
 effective March 31
 2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
(the &ldquo;Modified Revolving Credit Facility&rdquo;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit
Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) with an incremental
facility not to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;).


 2019
 Lifeway entered into
the Second Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Second Modification&rdquo;)
with its existing lender. The Second Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by redefining
the &ldquo;Borrowing Base&rdquo; and further clarifying the definitions of &ldquo;Eligible Accounts&rdquo; and &ldquo;Eligible
Inventory.&rdquo; The &ldquo;Borrowing Base&rdquo; under this amendment means
 generally
 an amount equal to the sum of (a) 85%
of the unpaid amount of all eligible accounts receivable
 plus (b) 50% of the value of all eligible inventory. The Second Modification
also addresses the calculation of interest after the potential discontinuance of LIBOR and its replacement with a replacement benchmark
interest rate.


 2020
 Lifeway entered
into the Third Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Third Modification&rdquo;)
with its existing lender. The Third Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by removing
the monthly borrowing base reporting requirement effective September 30
 2020
 including a covenant to maintain a quarterly minimum
working capital financial covenant
 as defined
 of no less than $11.25 million each of the fiscal quarters commencing the fiscal
quarter ending December 31
 2020 through the expiration date
 and eliminating the tier interest pricing structure. The Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement continues to provide Lifeway with a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $5 million
(the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) and provides the Borrowers with an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental
Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;). The Termination Date of the Revolving Loan was
extended to June 30
 2025
 unless earlier terminated.


 as amended
the Modified Revolving Credit Facility remains substantively unchanged and in full force and effect
 including customary representations
warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to maintain a fixed charge coverage
ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.00 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving Credit
Facility continues to provide for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to
perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Modified Revolving
Credit Facility may be accelerated. The loans and all other amounts due and owed under the Revolving Credit Facility and related
documents are secured by substantially all of our assets.






    
    



 2020
 we had $2
768
net of $9 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had $2
223 available for
future borrowings as of December 31
 2020.


 all outstanding amounts under
the Loans bear interest
 at Lifeway&rsquo;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the Prime Rate minus 1.00%) or the LIBOR
plus 1.95%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee of 0.20% and
 in conjunction
with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee of 0.20%. Lifeway&rsquo;s interest rate on debt outstanding
under our Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31
 2020 was 2.10%.


coverage ratio and minimum working capital covenants at December 31
 2020.




stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary and office space which includes fixed base rent payments as well as variable rent
payments to reimburse the landlord for operating expenses and taxes. The Company terminated its office space leases in June 2020.
The Company also lease certain machinery and equipment with fixed base rent payments and variable costs based on usage. Remaining
lease terms for these leases range from less than 1 year to 4 years. Some of our leases include options to extend the leases for
up to 5 years and have been included in our calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liabilities. Lifeway includes only
fixed payments for lease components in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Variable lease payments are
those that vary because of changes in facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date
 other than the passage of time.
There are no residual value guarantees. We do not currently have leases which meet the finance lease classification as defined
under ASC 842.


term of 12 months or less on the balance sheet. Expense for these short-term leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Total lease expense was $440 and $688 (including short term leases) for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively.


the contract conveys the right to use a physically distinct asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration
 we direct
the use of the asset and obtain substantially all the economic benefits of the asset.


are measured and recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement
date. We have elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components into a single component for all of its
leases. For many of our leases such as real estate leases
 we are unable to determine an implicit rate; therefore
 we use our
incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future
payments for those leases. We include options to extend or terminate the lease in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and
lease liability when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



for our operating leases was 2.0 years as of December 31
 2020. The weighted average discount rate of our operating leases was
7.75% as of December 31
 2020. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was $384 for the year ended
December 31
 2020.




    
    







claims
 audits
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.


matters when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. We
evaluate
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that
would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually
or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&rsquo;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding
legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have
a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.


to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status
of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable
certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss.




consists of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
596
    







    
    



tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State and local tax
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
596
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
101
(2
015

    
    
    

    
(2
568
(2
480

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
558

    
(1
764
    



tax attributes related to net operating losses for which it has recorded deferred tax assets.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar year 2017 and subsequent
federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact
the annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2020. The annual effective tax rate would have decreased
by 2.0% as of December 31
 2019 if the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized.


in the consolidated statements of operations was $(16) and $41 during 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The amount of accrued interest
and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $44 and $60 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




 Lifeway stockholders
approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards
of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and
performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock
awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The
number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have
been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2020
 3.317 million
shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least
annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including
issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and stock options to attract and retain new and existing executives.




activity during the year ended December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2020
    
    
    
    

    
 2020
    
    
    
    






    
    



 2019
 all outstanding
options were vested and there was no remaining unearned compensation expense. For the year ended December 31
 2019 total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $1. For the year ended December 31
2019
 no tax-related benefits were recognized.


using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting
and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we did not have sufficient historical exercise data
to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.




represents the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSAs have no exercise price. The grant date fair value
of the awards is equal to our closing stock price on the grant date. The following table summarizes RSA activity during the year
ended December 31
 2020.



    
    

    
    


 2019
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2020
    

    
    



ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations
was $83 and $109
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 tax-related benefits of $22 and $30
 respectively
were also recognized. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSA&rsquo;s was
$134
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.36 years.




compensation programs for fiscal year 2017 (the &ldquo;2017 Plan&rdquo;) and for fiscal year 2019 (the &ldquo;2019 Plan&rdquo;)
for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;). Under both the 2017 Plan
 long-term incentive
compensation is based on Lifeway&rsquo;s achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels versus respective
targets established by the Board for each fiscal year. Under the 2019 Plan
 long-term equity incentive compensation is based on
Lifeway&rsquo;s achievement of four strategic milestones over a three-year period from Fiscal 2019 through Fiscal 2021.




 collectively the participants
had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&rsquo;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the participants performance compared to their individual objectives.
The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the three years
from the 2017 grant dates. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $49 and $288 was expensed as stock-based compensation
expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 there was no remaining expense.






    
    





 collectively the participants
have the opportunity to earn equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $1
733 depending on Lifeway&rsquo;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that
vests 50% of unvested shares in year one
 50% of unvested shares in year two
 and 100% of remaining unvested shares in year three
from the 2019 grant date. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $112 and $51 was expensed under the 2019 Plan as stock-based
compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively.




 we awarded a special retention
grant (the &ldquo;2019 Retention Award&rdquo;) of restricted stock to senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in March 2019
 one-third in March 2020
and one-third in March 2021. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $87 and $342 was expensed as stock-based compensation
expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation
was $14
 which will be recognized in 2021
 subject to vesting.




 we awarded
a long-term equity-based incentive of $750 to our Chief Executive Officer (the &ldquo;2020 CEO Award&rdquo;) depending on Lifeways
2020 performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock
that vests one-third in March 2022
 one-third in March 2023
 and one-third in March 2024. The issuance of vested equity awards
is subject to approval under the Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 $50 was
expensed as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining
unearned compensation was $700
 of which $364 will be recognized in 2021
 $221 in 2022
 $98 in 2023
 and $17 in 2024
 respectively
subject to vesting.




which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan we match employee contributions under
a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $420 and $367
 respectively.

Note 12 &ndash; Segments
 Products and Customers


kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive
blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 25 to 30 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming
Units) at the time of manufacture.


and market products under the Lifeway and Fresh Made brand names
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers.






    
    






    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low-fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 and BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures).

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese
 white cheese
 and Sweet Kiss.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in soft serve and pint-size containers.



reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
the Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues relate to
the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a
common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
81
437
    
71
822
    

    
12
905
    
11
459
    

    
2
872
    
4
228
    

    
2
733
    
2
780
    

    
1
594
    
1
756
    

    
    
    
1
617
    

    
102
026
    
93
662
    




    
    
    







    
    


 &ndash;
Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 21% and 22% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 22% and 17% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




 2015
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2015 stock repurchase program&rdquo;) under which we may
from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or
250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding
to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of
$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without
limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.


during the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company repurchased 179 shares at a cost of $405 or approximately $2.27 per share.
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company repurchased 211 shares at a cost of $538 or approximately $2.55 per share.
During the year
 the Company reached the amended threshold of 625 shares and therefore no shares of common stock remain available
to be purchased under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment as of December 31
 2020.




the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and were $1
000 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.


 2020
 Lifeway entered into
an amended and restated consulting agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 effective as of December 31
 2020
 with the Chairperson.
Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 the Chairperson will continue to provide consulting services with respect to
among other things
 our business strategy
 international expansion and product management and expansion. For the services
 the
Company will pay an annual service fee of $500. The Chairperson will also be eligible for an annual performance fee target of $500
based on the achievement of specified performance criteria. The Chairpersons annual service fee and target bonus amounts are subject
to periodic change by the Compensation Committee of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors on 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice
to the Chairperson. The Agreement shall continue until either party provides at least a 10-day written notice of termination.


with the Chairperson of its board of directors under which we pay the Chairperson a royalty based on the sale of certain Lifeway
products
 not to exceed $50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and were $600 and $588 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.





    
    





pandemic or disease outbreak will have on our business and our consolidated results of operations is uncertain.


we have seen increased customer and consumer demand for our products as consumers initially began pantry loading and have increased
their at-home consumption as a result of social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations. However
this increased customer and consumer demand may decrease in the coming months if and when the need for social distancing and stay-at-home
and work-from-home mandates and recommendations decrease
 and we are unable to predict the nature and timing of when that impact
may occur
 if at all. .


to date we have not experienced supply chain constraints
 and we have continued to be able to fully satisfy customer and
consumer demand for our products
 the continued unprecedented demand for food and other consumer packaged goods products as a
result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic may limit the availability of
 or increase the cost of
 ingredients
packaging and other raw materials necessary to produce our products
 and our operations may be negatively impacted.
Additionally
 pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies
and financial markets
 consumer spending and confidence levels resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customer
and consumer demand for our products.


efforts to manage and mitigate these factors may be unsuccessful
 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond
our control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak
 as well as third party actions taken to contain
its spread and mitigate public health effects.


ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on many factors
 including
 among others
 the duration of
social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-home mandates and recommendations and whether additional waves of COVID-19 or
different variants of COVID-19 will affect the United States and other markets
 our ability and the ability of our suppliers to
continue to operate our and their manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption and procure
ingredients
 packaging and other raw materials when needed despite unprecedented demand in the food industry
 and the extent to
which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating and
shopping habits. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the disruption. Therefore
 the financial impact cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time.





















    
    


ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM 9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


that are designed to ensure material information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 we recognize that a control system
 no matter how well designed
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.


 2020 (the &ldquo;Evaluation
Date&rdquo;)
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)). Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31
 2020 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us under the
Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified under the Exchange Act rules.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and effected by the Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;




    
    
provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and




    
    
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
    detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our
    consolidated financial statements.







    
    



has inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the level
of compliance with related policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 including our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2020. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment
 management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2020.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


over financial reporting that occurred during 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
OTHER INFORMATION






















    
    




ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance Guidelines and
Code of Ethics


and a Code of Ethics applicable to all members of the Board
 executive officers
 and employees
 including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer. The Corporate Governance Guidelines
 the Code of Ethics
 and other corporate governance
documents are available on Lifeway&rsquo;s website at www.lifewayfoods.com. Any person may
 without charge
 request a copy of the
Corporate Governance Guidelines and/or Code of Ethics by contacting Lifeway at (847) 967-1010 or by email at 


10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.









    
    




ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.



    
    
A list of the Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Report is set forth in Part II
 Item 8
 which list is incorporated herein by reference.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 8
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Endorsement Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 14
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 7
 2018 among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    





    
    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Amy Feldman
 dated as of October 29
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Hanson
 dated as of January 18
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
First Modification to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 10
 2019 among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Second Modification to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 effective as of December 10
 2019 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Third Modification to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
dated as of September 30
 2020 among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated December 28
 2020 by
and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Press release dated March 25
 2021 reporting the Company&rsquo;s financial results for year ended December 31
 2020.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


ITEM 16.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FORM 10-K
SUMMARY.








    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    




    
    
    
    

Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: March 25
 2021
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






    











 INC.



     




Subsidiaries of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


Foods
 Inc. All of the voting stock of each subsidiary is 100% owned directly by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.



    
    

Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    

The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
    

Fresh Made
 Inc.
    

    
    

Lifeway Foods Canada
 Inc.
Quebec
 Canada















     





Registered Public Accounting Firm


the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210463) of our report dated March 25
 2021
 with
respect to the consolidated financial statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31
 2020 and 2019 and for
each of the years then ended.




 Illinois

 2021













     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Julie Smolyansky
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp;March 25
 2021
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President and
        Director
        
    















     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Eric Hanson
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;March 25
 2021
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        
        
    
















     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2020 as filed with the SEC (the
&ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her knowledge:



    
    




    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
March 25
 2021
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director
        
    















     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2020 as filed with the SEC (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:



    
    

    
    

    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
March 25
 2021
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        
        
    












 INC. ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2020



     






Lifeway
Foods
 Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31
 2020

Net Sales increase 8.9% Year-over-Year
to $102 million


 IL &mdash; March 25
 2021&mdash; Lifeway Foods
Inc. (Nasdaq: LWAY) (&ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo; or &ldquo;the Company&rdquo;)
 the leading U.S. supplier of kefir and fermented probiotic
products to support the microbiome
 today reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31
 2020.


year of growth here at Lifeway
 particularly in light of this difficult year defined by the COVID-19 pandemic
&rdquo; commented
Julie Smolyansky
 CEO and President of Lifeway. &ldquo;Of note
 our net sales grew 8.9% to $102.0 million compared to 2019
 and
our net income increased from $0.5 million in 2019 to $3.2 million in 2020. The food retail environment has been majorly reshaped
this year
 and our decision to focus on digital engagement has paid dividends in continuing to attract more and more consumers
to our multi-serve
 immune supporting products. I am very encouraged by the ongoing market trends towards healthy products like
Lifeway&rsquo;s
 and I believe this momentum will carry on far past just 2021. Our current retail partnerships are seeing gains
illustrated by our strong results
 as we continue to enhance category growth
 and we plan on both expanding the current and identifying
new profitable relationships in the year ahead. Finally
 this year we will continue to invest in customer acquisition strategies
because we want more and more people to hear the Lifeway story. We are looking forward to an outstanding 2021.&rdquo;




2020
 an increase of $8.4 million or 8.9% versus prior year. The net sales increase was primarily driven by higher volumes of our
branded drinkable kefir
 partially offset by lower cream revenues associated with a decline in the market price of butter fat.


for the year ended December 31
 2020 from 23.6% during the same period in 2019. The increase versus the prior year was primarily
due to the impact of favorable milk pricing
 and to a lesser extent favorable freight costs.


 or 7.8%
 to $10.2 million
for the year ended December 31
 2020 from $11.1 million in 2019. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales were 10.0% in 2020
compared to 11.8% in 2019.


$1.2 million
 or 9.1%
 to $11.7 million for the year ended December 31
 2020 from $12.8 million during the same period in 2019.
The decrease is primarily a result of lower compensation expense due to organizational changes made in 2019 and lower incentive
compensation
 partially offset by increased professional fee expense.





    
    



the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to $0.8 million during the same period in 2019. Our effective income tax rate (ETR)
for the year ended December 31
 2020 was 33.1% compared to an ETR of 63.3% in the same period last year.


million or $0.21 per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to a net income of $0.5 million
or $0.03 per basic and diluted common share in 2019.

About Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


 Inc.
 which has been recognized as one of Forbes&rsquo;
Best Small Companies
 is America&rsquo;s leading supplier of the probiotic
 fermented beverage known as kefir. In addition to its
line of drinkable kefir
 the company also produces frozen kefir
 specialty cheeses
 and a ProBugs line for kids. Lifeway&rsquo;s
tart and tangy fermented dairy products are now sold across the United States
 Mexico
 Ireland and the United Kingdom
 with limited
distribution in additional countries. Learn how Lifeway is good for more than just you at www.lifewaykefir.com.




of this release) contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 regarding
 among other things
 future operating and financial performance
 product development
 market position
 business
strategy and objectives. These statements use words
 and variations of words
 such as &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;build
&rdquo;
&ldquo;future
&rdquo; &ldquo;increase
&rdquo; &ldquo;drive
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;look
&rdquo; &ldquo;ahead
&rdquo;
&ldquo;confident
&rdquo; &ldquo;deliver
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; and &ldquo;predict.&rdquo; Other examples
of forward looking statements may include
 but are not limited to
 (i) statements of Company plans and objectives
 including the
introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers or suppliers
 (ii) statements of future economic
performance
 and (III) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about Lifeway or its business. You
are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events
and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties
materialize
 actual results could vary materially from Lifeway&rsquo;s expectations and projections. These risks
 uncertainties
and other factors include: price competition; the decisions of customers or consumers; the actions of competitors; changes in the
pricing of commodities; the effects of government regulation; possible delays in the introduction of new products; and customer
acceptance of products and services. A further list and description of these risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors can be found
in Lifeway&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 and the Company&rsquo;s subsequent filings
with the SEC. Copies of these filings are available online at https://www.sec.gov
 http://lifewaykefir.com/investor-relations/
or on request from Lifeway. Information in this release is as of the dates and time periods indicated herein
 and Lifeway does
not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials
 except as required by law. Accordingly
 YOU SHOULD
NOT RELY ON THE ACCURACY OF ANY OF THE STATEMENTS OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN ANY ARCHIVED PRESS RELEASE.




 Inc.







    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2020 and 2019




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
926
3
836


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts &amp; allowances of $1
350 and $1
100 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
8
002
6
692


 net
6
930
6
392

    
1
163
1
598

    
    
    

    
24
052
19
199

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
21
048
22
274

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
824
12
824


 net
    
    

    
12
824
12
976

    
    
    

    
1
800
1
800

    
60
069
56
987

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
592
5
282

    
2
196
4
087

    
    
    

    
8
441
9
523

    
2
768
2
745

    
    
    


 net
1
764
    

    
    
    

    
13
215
13
736

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2020 and 2019
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
604 and 15
710 shares outstanding at 2020 and 2019
6
509
6
509

    
2
600
2
380


 at cost
(12
450
(12
601

    
50
195
46
963

    
46
854
43
251

    
    
    

    
60
069
56
987






    
    



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the three months and twelve months
ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
(In thousands
 except per share data)




    
    

        
December 31

    
    

        
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
585
    
    
    
&nbsp;23
165
    
    
    
102
026
    
    
    
93
662
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
393
    
    
    
17
144
    
    
    
72
006
    
    
    
68
367
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
087
    
    
    
3
146
    

    
    
    
19
154
    
    
    
18
055
    
    
    
75
093
    
    
    
71
513
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
431
    
    
    
5
110
    
    
    
26
933
    
    
    
22
149
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
786
    
    
    
2
553
    
    
    
10
197
    
    
    
11
062
    

    
    
    
2
980
    
    
    
3
728
    
    
    
11
661
    
    
    
12
828
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
801
    
    
    
6
321
    
    
    
22
010
    
    
    
24
082
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
211)
    
    
    
4
923
    
    
    
(1
933
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
731
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
731
    

Realized gain on investments
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
413
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
413
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
105
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
168
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
894
    
    
    
4
828
    
    
    
1
235
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
596
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
054
    
    
    
3
232
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
604
    
    
    
15
709
    
    
    
15
597
    
    
    
15
748
    

    
    
    
15
797
    
    
    
15
821
    
    
    
15
766
    
    
    
15
804
    





    
    



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2020
and 2019




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
232
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
239
    
    
    
3
338
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
731
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
413
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
304
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
067
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
278
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
385
    
    
    
3
811
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
509
    

    
    
    
(1
895
    
    
    
(1
178
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
890
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
273
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
811
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
090
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
836
    
    
    
2
998
    

    
    
    
7
926
    
    
    
3
836
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
865
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    












begin 644 image_001.gif

___ /_
___
S/_
F?_
9O_
M
__
 /^9__^9S/^9F?^99O^9
_^9 /]F__]FS/]FF?]F9O]F
_]F /\S__\S
MS/\SF?\S9O\S
_\S /\ __\ S/\ F?\ 9O\ 
_\  
S__\S_S

M
\S_ 
S
_\S
S
S

9LS

\S
 
R9_\R9S

\R9 
QF_\QF
MS

\QF 
PS_\PSS

\PS 
P _\P S

M
\P  )G__YG_S)G_F9G_9IG_
YG_ )G
_YG
S)G
F9G
9IG

YG
 )F9_YF9
MS)F9F9F99IF9
YF9 )EF_YEFS)EFF9EF9IEF
YEF )DS_YDSS)DSF9DS9IDS
M
YDS )D _YD S)D F9D 9ID 
YD  &;__V;_S&;_F6;_9F;_
V;_ &;
_V;
MS&;
F6;
9F;

V;
 &:9_V:9S&:9F6:99F:9
V:9 &9F_V9FS&9FF69F9F9F
M
V9F &8S_V8SS&8SF68S9F8S
V8S &8 _V8 S&8 F68 9F8 
V8  #/__S/_
MS#/_F3/_9C/_
S/_ #/
_S/
S#/
F3/
9C/

S/
 #.9_S.9S#.9F3.99C.9
M
S.9 #-F_S-FS#-FF3-F9C-F
S-F #
S_S
SS#
SF3
S9C
S
S
S #
 _S
MS#
 F3
 9C
 
S
   #__P#_S #_F0#_9@#_
P#_  #
_P#
S #
F0#
9@#
M
P#
  9_P9S 9F099@9,P9  !F_P!FS !FF0!F9@!F
P!F   S_P S
MS  SF0 S9@ S
P S    _P  S   F0  9@  
P
M
M
M                     P     P@ ]   (_P !!Q(L*#!@P@3*ES(L*'#

 !!$GE(/?.(
B0)

*ZJGUBU5EUE]NNJ


MY1!+

M1/D'92582)@UYEM='SF3F7\
5@3@7(+=Y=& I&28%7\=080ALVB-N#!3''
M%DLD5%'%$TIUUE

DK%%%465Y2+5N!H




HF[[TM]ZN?1

\5
M%%MSO/H*@+M@.A
JA;EY<J
M6[CRUWQ/N*S-SI6]T
X2ITW83;!^2;&HSY!:88)1_^6:HW2UC!FYQO;M\=\U
MG2R0X)Z=K.E8A.E111Z'Y0MSA8WOKB'D9$
[&

:W&NS[RU9V=K

MBYK9E2H*NY,3I@HX:E4]$J
.8HA67F:1SS&X)\]SKP14U\K)M07A T-_7Y
MZW'OPYGP?$*\$*7M+P;Z3$]L$[UUO09;8D+=_A0(
N_!#C2$0Y6^1':@Q?%+

C/@;!3GA*SU98L:TQT+ M2N.
5R
%D54P4#B461Z
MS 

MY2;

BZ
M53*3(:MWZ I@2&X%M_1I(K-:DM)0*ZH9!B1^0$&4LSY;:7DE*J42
%*513




M\?:M*
K^9(16!V:Y_/(.!2XR*3Z7WE1U[Q;4]V%JRDGD[Y1M*;EBVPAV

MI1 M *HR%)5):JHU%!=1_(O'ZRZP5XE]R1/RD!7S+59%

4^+ =ID8?9UE!8CJ
MEGUA4S9W/2RFG2D



$2GFY_9E^4*.%EJB
M7^
^J?XQ6@)E[_*0J]5(9B91%3U@C:3$JVV#LP@TZE!.JOB[0!*-(%@15$
_T2NBA.:'<1VO2*HK&F=FUH+GT9G@<

MH*BDTZ[_CF!ZR8H9ZGG*N[J.5M6#0P7#;;A[D5QKJ$LEH'6F0JP)V !P-@



M/0
ACWGDI (GV

 !D@1
9!'B H@3;B #H@1#?B $CB!%'B  0$ .P$!
end


















        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        





          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 the valuation&#13;of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation

 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern which requires management&#13;to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosure in certain circumstances.&#13;There were no conditions or events
 when considered in the aggregate

 Segments
 Products and Customers).&#13;We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery&#13;to our customers or their common carriers. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects&#13;to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services

 the contract is the approved&#13;sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The&#13;Company applies judgment in determining the customer&amp;#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors&#13;including the customer&amp;#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer


 which typically&#13;includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable&#13;products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with&#13;U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.&#13;We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods

 which have not been material


 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories&#13;include raw materials
 direct labor



 which do not improve&#13;or extend the life of the assets

 or more frequently if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the&#13;fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value&#13;of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates&#13;of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used&#13;to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant&#13;risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the&#13;projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable&#13;publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The resulting fair value
 based on the income&#13;and market approaches

&#13;if certain conditions exist. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate&#13;it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If
 based&#13;on this qualitative assessment
 we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset&#13;is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment
 a quantitative assessment is performed&#13;to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for&#13;impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations

 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions&#13;to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including&#13;changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. If an evaluation of the undiscounted&#13;cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted&#13;future cash flows. If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed


 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accounts receivable
 other receivables
&#13;accounts payable

 if any
 plus or minus changes resulting from&#13;observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. During October 2019
&#13;the Company sold approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method and recognized a $1
438 gain on sale&#13;of investment
 which is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded&#13;an unrealized gain of $1
731 resulting from the observable price change of this transaction
 which is recorded in other income&#13;(expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has one investment without&#13;a readily determinable fair value which is recorded at $1

 state
 local and foreign income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the&#13;financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference&#13;between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable&#13;income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The principal sources&#13;of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 incentive&#13;compensation
 unrealized gain
 capitalization of indirect inventory costs for tax purposes

 as well as all open tax years in these&#13;jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based&#13;on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation&#13;processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
&#13;we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future&#13;changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period&#13;of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax&#13;benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit&#13;settlements
 tax examination activities


 2020 and 2019 total&#13;advertising expenses were $2
407 and $3
394

 2020 and 2019
 there were 169 and 56 common stock equivalents outstanding

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate&#13;Reform on Financial Reporting. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting&#13;principles (GAAP) to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected&#13;to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The guidance will be effective prospectively as of March 12
 2020 through&#13;December 31

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new guidance is intended to enhance and simplify&#13;various aspects of the accounting for income taxes. The new guidance &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;eliminates certain exceptions&#13;to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income&#13;taxes.&lt;/font&gt; The guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
&#13;Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 in November 2018&#13;issued an amendment
 ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 and in November&#13;2019 issued two amendments
 ASU 2019-10
 Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Credit Losses (Topic 326)
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815)
 and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates
 and ASU 2019-11
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Credit&#13;Losses. The series of new guidance amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on&#13;expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments
 including trade&#13;receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance should be applied on either a prospective&#13;transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the subtopic. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years


 the valuation&#13;of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation


 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern which requires management&#13;to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosure in certain circumstances.&#13;There were no conditions or events
 when considered in the aggregate




 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories&#13;include raw materials
 direct labor




 which do not improve&#13;or extend the life of the assets

    
    
    


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
942&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
234&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
220&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
930&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;6


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
942&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
234&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
230&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
971&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
220&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;6
930&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;6


 Plant and Equipment


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
565&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
565&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
834&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31
707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
670&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;362&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;52
969&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;51
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(31
921&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(29
284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;21
048&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;22


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
565&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
565&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
834&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31
707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
670&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;857&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;362&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;52
969&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;51
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(31
921&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(29
284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;21
048&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;22


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12

 2020 and 2019
 noting no impairment loss. Considerable&#13;management judgment is necessary to evaluate goodwill for impairment. We estimate fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques&#13;including discounted cash flows and market multiples analysis with respect to our single reporting unit. These valuation approaches&#13;are dependent upon a number of factors
 including estimates of future growth rates
 our cost of capital
 capital expenditures
&#13;income tax rates
 and other variables. Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating&#13;plans. Our discounted cash flows forecast could be negatively impacted by a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions&#13;to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including&#13;changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. Additionally
 under the market&#13;approach analysis
 we used significant other observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair&#13;value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable

 2020 and 2019


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Recipes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Trade names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Formula&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8
092&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Intangible assets


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Recipes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Trade names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Formula&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8
092&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Intangible assets


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;3
009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Real estate taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;341&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current portion of operating lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;179&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;4


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1
366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;3
009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Real estate taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;341&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current portion of operating lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;179&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;4


 2018
 Lifeway entered into an&#13;Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with its existing lender. On April&#13;10
 2019
 effective March 31
 2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Modified Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit&#13;Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Loan&amp;#8221;) with an incremental&#13;facility not to exceed $5 million (the &amp;#8220;Incremental Facility&amp;#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan

 2019
 Lifeway entered into&#13;the Second Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &amp;#8220;Second Modification&amp;#8221;)&#13;with its existing lender. The Second Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by redefining&#13;the &amp;#8220;Borrowing Base&amp;#8221; and further clarifying the definitions of &amp;#8220;Eligible Accounts&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Eligible&#13;Inventory.&amp;#8221; The &amp;#8220;Borrowing Base&amp;#8221; under this amendment means
 generally
 an amount equal to the sum of (a) 85%&#13;of the unpaid amount of all eligible accounts receivable

 2020
 Lifeway entered&#13;into the Third Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &amp;#8220;Third Modification&amp;#8221;)&#13;with its existing lender. The Third Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by removing&#13;the monthly borrowing base reporting requirement effective September 30
 2020
 including a covenant to maintain a quarterly minimum&#13;working capital financial covenant
 as defined
 of no less than $11.25 million each of the fiscal quarters commencing the fiscal&#13;quarter ending December 31
 2020 through the expiration date
 and eliminating the tier interest pricing structure. The Amended&#13;and Restated Loan and Security Agreement continues to provide Lifeway with a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $5 million&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Revolving Loan&amp;#8221;) and provides the Borrowers with an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &amp;#8220;Incremental&#13;Facility&amp;#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &amp;#8220;Loans&amp;#8221;). The Termination Date of the Revolving Loan was&#13;extended to June 30
 2025

 as amended
&#13;the Modified Revolving Credit Facility remains substantively unchanged and in full force and effect
 including customary representations
&#13;warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to maintain a fixed charge coverage&#13;ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.00 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving Credit&#13;Facility continues to provide for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to&#13;perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement

 2020
 we had $2
768&#13;net of $9 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had $2
223 available for&#13;future borrowings as of December 31

 all outstanding amounts under&#13;the Loans bear interest
 at Lifeway&amp;#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the Prime Rate minus 1.00%) or the LIBOR&#13;plus 1.95%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee of 0.20% and
 in conjunction&#13;with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee of 0.20%. Lifeway&amp;#8217;s interest rate on debt outstanding&#13;under our Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31




 2020 and 2019


 we are unable to determine an implicit rate; therefore

 2020. The weighted average discount rate of our operating leases was&#13;7.75% as of December 31
 2020. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was $384 for the year ended&#13;December 31

    

&#13;claims
 audits
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities

 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that&#13;would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
&#13;we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually&#13;or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&amp;#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding&#13;legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&#13;However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have&#13;a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition

 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status&#13;of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)&#13;the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings&#13;involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws&#13;are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status&#13;of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable&#13;certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;State and local&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;755&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;533&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Provision  for income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(2
101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(2
015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Unrealized gains&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Accrued compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;804&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(1

    

 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;6.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;5.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at December 31


 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;47&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31



 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive&#13;blend of kefir cultures


 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low-fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 and BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese
 white cheese
 and Sweet Kiss.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ProBugs
 a line of kefir products designed for children.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other Dairy
 which includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Frozen Kefir

 who is responsible for allocating&#13;resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
&#13;the Chief Executive Officer

437&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;80%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;71
822&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;77%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Cheese&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
905&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11
459&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Cream and other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;ProBugs Kefir&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other dairy&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
594&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Frozen Kefir (a)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
617&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;102
026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;93

 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Two major customers accounted&#13;for approximately 22% and 17% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019


437&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;80%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;71
822&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;77%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Cheese&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
905&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11
459&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Cream and other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
228&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;ProBugs Kefir&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other dairy&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
594&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Frozen Kefir (a)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
617&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;102
026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;100%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;93


 2015
 Lifeway&amp;#8217;s&#13;Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&amp;#8221;) under which we may
&#13;from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or&#13;250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2017 amendment&amp;#8221;)
 by adding&#13;to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of&#13;$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without&#13;limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
&#13;including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases&#13;its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements&#13;and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be&#13;terminated
 suspended
 increased

&#13;during the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company repurchased 179 shares at a cost of $405 or approximately $2.27 per share.&#13;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company repurchased 211 shares at a cost of $538 or approximately $2.55 per share.&#13;During the year
 the Company reached the amended threshold of 625 shares and therefore no shares of common stock remain available&#13;to be purchased under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment as of December 31


000 during the years ended December 31

 2020
 Lifeway entered into&#13;an amended and restated consulting agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 effective as of December 31
 2020
 with the Chairperson.&#13;Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 the Chairperson will continue to provide consulting services with respect to
&#13;among other things
 our business strategy
 international expansion and product management and expansion. For the services

 not to exceed $50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated&#13;statements of operations and were $600 and $588 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Segments
 Products and Customers).&#13;We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery&#13;to our customers or their common carriers. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects&#13;to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services

 the contract is the approved&#13;sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The&#13;Company applies judgment in determining the customer&amp;#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors&#13;including the customer&amp;#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer


 which typically&#13;includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable&#13;products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with&#13;U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.&#13;We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods


 which have not been material


 or more frequently if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the&#13;fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value&#13;of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates&#13;of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used&#13;to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant&#13;risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the&#13;projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable&#13;publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The resulting fair value
 based on the income&#13;and market approaches

&#13;if certain conditions exist. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate&#13;it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If
 based&#13;on this qualitative assessment
 we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset&#13;is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment
 a quantitative assessment is performed&#13;to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for&#13;impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations

 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions&#13;to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including&#13;changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. If an evaluation of the undiscounted&#13;cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted&#13;future cash flows. If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed



 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accounts receivable
 other receivables
&#13;accounts payable

 if any
 plus or minus changes resulting from&#13;observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. During October 2019
&#13;the Company sold approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method and recognized a $1
438 gain on sale&#13;of investment
 which is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded&#13;an unrealized gain of $1
731 resulting from the observable price change of this transaction
 which is recorded in other income&#13;(expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has one investment without&#13;a readily determinable fair value which is recorded at $1


 state
 local and foreign income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the&#13;financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference&#13;between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable&#13;income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The principal sources&#13;of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 incentive&#13;compensation
 unrealized gain
 capitalization of indirect inventory costs for tax purposes

 as well as all open tax years in these&#13;jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based&#13;on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation&#13;processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
&#13;we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future&#13;changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period&#13;of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax&#13;benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit&#13;settlements
 tax examination activities


 2020 and 2019 total&#13;advertising expenses were $2
407 and $3
394


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;State and local&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;755&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;841&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;533&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1

015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Section 162m&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Uncertain tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(2
101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;(2
015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Unrealized gains&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
480&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Accrued compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;804&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(1

 our calendar year 2017 and subsequent&#13;federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the&#13;annual effective tax rate &lt;font style=background-color: yellow&gt;was not significant&lt;/font&gt; as of December 31
 2020. The annual&#13;effective tax rate would have decreased by &lt;font style=background-color: yellow&gt;2.0%&lt;/font&gt; as of December 31

 respectively. The amount of accrued interest&#13;and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $44 and $60 at December 31
 2020 and 2019


015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Section 162m&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Uncertain tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Lifeway stockholders&#13;approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards&#13;of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and&#13;performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock&#13;awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The&#13;number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have&#13;been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2020
 3.317 million&#13;shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least&#13;annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including&#13;issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units


 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;6.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;5.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at December 31

 2019
 all outstanding options were vested&#13;and there was no remaining unearned compensation expense. For the year ended December 31
 2019 total stock-based compensation expense&#13;recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $1. For the year ended December 31
 2019


 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;47&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31

 2020 and 2019 total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements&#13;of operations was $83 and $109
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 tax-related benefits of $22 and $30
&#13;respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSA&amp;#8217;s&#13;was $134

 long-term incentive&#13;compensation is based on Lifeway&amp;#8217;s achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels versus respective&#13;targets established by the Board for each fiscal year. Under the 2019 Plan

 collectively the participants&#13;had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&amp;#8217;s&#13;performance levels compared to the respective targets and the participants performance compared to their individual objectives.&#13;The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the three years&#13;from the 2017 grant dates. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $49 and $288 was expensed as stock-based compensation&#13;expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020

 collectively the&#13;participants have the opportunity to earn equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $1
733 depending on&#13;Lifeway&amp;#8217;s performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted&#13;stock that vests 50% of unvested shares in year one
 50% of unvested shares in year two
 and 100% of remaining unvested shares&#13;in year three from the 2019 grant date. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $112 and $51 was expensed under the 2019&#13;Plan as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations

 we awarded a special retention&#13;grant (the &amp;#8220;2019 Retention Award&amp;#8221;) of restricted stock to senior executives and key employees (the &amp;#8220;participants&amp;#8221;).&#13;The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in March 2019
 one-third in March 2020&#13;and one-third in March 2021. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $87 and $342 was expensed as stock-based compensation&#13;expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation&#13;was $14
 which will be recognized in 2021

 we awarded&#13;a long-term equity-based incentive of $750 to our Chief Executive Officer (the &amp;#8220;2020 CEO Award&amp;#8221;) depending on Lifeways&#13;2020 performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock&#13;that vests one-third in March 2022
 one-third in March 2023
 and one-third in March 2024. The issuance of vested equity awards&#13;is subject to approval under the Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 $50 was&#13;expensed as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining&#13;unearned compensation was $700
 of which $364 will be recognized in 2021
 $221 in 2022
 $98 in 2023
 and $17 in 2024
 respectively

 2020 and 2019 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated&#13;statements of operations was $420 and $367

    
    
    



 2020 and 2019
 there were 169 and 56 common stock equivalents outstanding

    
    
    
    
    

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate&#13;Reform on Financial Reporting. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting&#13;principles (GAAP) to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected&#13;to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The guidance will be effective prospectively as of March 12
 2020 through&#13;December 31

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new guidance is intended to enhance and simplify&#13;various aspects of the accounting for income taxes. The new guidance &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;eliminates certain exceptions&#13;to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income&#13;taxes.&lt;/font&gt; The guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
&#13;Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 in November 2018&#13;issued an amendment
 ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 and in November&#13;2019 issued two amendments
 ASU 2019-10
 Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Credit Losses (Topic 326)
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815)
 and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates
 and ASU 2019-11
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments&amp;#8212;Credit&#13;Losses. The series of new guidance amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on&#13;expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments
 including trade&#13;receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance should be applied on either a prospective&#13;transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the subtopic. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years







      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts &amp; allowances of $1
350 and $1
100 at December 31
 2020 and 2019







      


      


      



 plant and equipment



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 no par value; 2




 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
604 and 15



      






      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

































      

      











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


 plant and equipment







      






      

      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      







 net



































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      






      


      





      


      






      


      


      





      



 options outstanding















 options outstanding



























      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      





      


      


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 Other Reconciling Items



 Other Adjustments


      

      


 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 State and Local


      







      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      
















      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      




      


 Plant and Equipment


      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Impaired


      





 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability


      

      


 Property




















      





 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Mar. 15
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020













 Inc.



























  2020





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



604
480











390
506






































































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











926


836



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts &amp; allowances of $1
350 and $1
100 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

002


692



Inventories
 net

930


392





163


598












052


199



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

048


274



















824


824



Other intangible assets
 net








824


976





800


800





069


987












592


282





196


087












441


523





768


745










Deferred income taxes
 net

764














215


736

















Preferred stock
 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2020 and 2019






Common stock
 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
604 and 15
710 shares outstanding at 2020 and 2019

509


509





600


380



Treasury stock
 at cost

450)


601)





195


963





854


251





069


987

































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
























































Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











350


100










Preferred stock
 no par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

500


500



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 no par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Common stock
 shares issued

274


274



Common stock
 shares outstanding

604


710


























































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











026


662





006


367





087


146





093


513





933


149





197


062





661


828












010


082





923


933)





















731



Realized gain on investments
 net



413





















168





828


235





596







232





















597


748





766


804







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))















































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






















































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands







Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

274











Beginning Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2018



460)









Beginning Balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2018

509


970)


303


563


405



Cumulative impact of change in accounting principles
 net of tax












Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares












Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 value












Treasury stock purchased
 shares












Treasury stock purchased
 value






































Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

274











Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2019



564)









Ending Balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2019

509


601)


380


963


251



Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares












Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 value












Treasury stock purchased
 shares












Treasury stock purchased
 value

































232


232



Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

274











Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2020



669)









Ending Balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2020

509


450)


600


195


854







Cumulative impact of change in accounting principles
 net of tax

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











232














239


338
























































731)







413)



















304)
















067


























278)





















385


811





















509





895)


178)












890)























273)







811)





090







836


998





926


836










Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)



865)






























































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.










































































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.

















































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Amount of expense or loss included in net income that result in no cash flow
 classified as other.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from sales of all investments
 including securities and other assets
 having ready marketability and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 beyond the current operating cycle.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]









statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). Our consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of Lifeway&#8217;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &#8220;Lifeway&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020








Note 2 &#8211; Summary of significant
accounting policies 




statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.




Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern which requires management
to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosure in certain circumstances.
There were no conditions or events
 when considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.




select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 12
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery
to our customers or their common carriers. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.


are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods
 nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.




with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition. The Company does not charge interest on past due accounts receivable.




investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.




cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve
or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred.



Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets


price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. We estimate the fair value of
our one reporting unit annually (as of December 31)
 or more frequently if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the
fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value
of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates
of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used
to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant
risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the
projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable
publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The resulting fair value
 based on the income
and market approaches
 is then compared to the carrying value to determine if impairment is necessary.


asset impairment exists using both qualitative and quantitative assessments annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
if certain conditions exist. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate
it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If
 based
on this qualitative assessment
 we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment
 a quantitative assessment is performed
to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for
impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations
 under
the relief from royalty method. Any excess of the carrying value over the amount of fair value is recognized as an impairment.
Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified.




combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets with finite
lives are amortized over their estimate useful lives as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



in Amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations.


for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts
more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions
to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including
changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted
future cash flows. If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the
intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.




following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.


equity securities without a readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment
 if any
 plus or minus changes resulting from
observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. During October 2019
the Company sold approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method and recognized a $1
438 gain on sale
of investment
 which is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded
an unrealized gain of $1
731 resulting from the observable price change of this transaction
 which is recorded in other income
(expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has one investment without
a readily determinable fair value which is recorded at $1
800 in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet.




federal
 state
 local and foreign income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference
between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The principal sources
of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 incentive
compensation
 unrealized gain
 capitalization of indirect inventory costs for tax purposes
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
and the allowance for doubtful accounts.


deferred tax assets when it is more likely not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expense or benefit
is based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to period.


in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based
on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future
changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period
of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax
benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit
settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit)
for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations.




for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring the grant date fair value
but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company issues share based equity awards from treasury shares.




method.




and reported in Selling expense in our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total
advertising expenses were $2
407 and $3
394
 respectively.




is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive
common stock equivalents related to the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock-based compensation awards outstanding during the reporting
period. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were 169 and 56 common stock equivalents outstanding
 respectively.






 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
Reform on Financial Reporting. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected
to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The guidance will be effective prospectively as of March 12
 2020 through
December 31
 2022 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance
will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new guidance is intended to enhance and simplify

to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income

 2020 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period for public business entities
for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. Management does not anticipate the adoption of this ASU will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
Financial Instruments &#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 in November 2018
issued an amendment
 ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 and in November
2019 issued two amendments
 ASU 2019-10
 Financial Instruments&#8212;Credit Losses (Topic 326)
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815)
 and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates
 and ASU 2019-11
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments&#8212;Credit
Losses. The series of new guidance amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on
expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments
 including trade
receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance should be applied on either a prospective
transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the subtopic. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. Management is currently
evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





3. Inventories
 net


Dec. 31
 2020






Inventories
 net

Note 3 &#8211; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
1
725
1
942

    
2
234
2
230

    
2
971
2
220


 net
6
930
6
392





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment

Note 4 &#8211; Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


 plant and equipment consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
565
1
565

    
17
834
17
332

    
31
707
30
670

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
52
969
51
558

    
(31
921
(29
284


 plant and equipment
 net
21
048
22
274





































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











assets consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
(1
244
(1
244

    
9
124
9
124

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
12
824





assessment of goodwill for our single reporting unit as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 noting no impairment loss. Considerable
management judgment is necessary to evaluate goodwill for impairment. We estimate fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques
including discounted cash flows and market multiples analysis with respect to our single reporting unit. These valuation approaches
are dependent upon a number of factors
 including estimates of future growth rates
 our cost of capital
 capital expenditures
income tax rates
 and other variables. Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating
plans. Our discounted cash flows forecast could be negatively impacted by a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions
to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including
changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. Additionally
 under the market
approach analysis
 we used significant other observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair
value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable
 but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Changes in these
estimates or assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and the conclusions of the quantitative goodwill
test for our one reporting unit.




assessment on the indefinite-lived intangible asset as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 resulting in no impairment losses.




 net consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(8
244
(8
092


 net
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020














    



    
    
    

    
1
366
3
009

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
196
4
087










 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020













 2018
 Lifeway entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with its existing lender. On April
10
 2019
 effective March 31
 2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
(the &#8220;Modified Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit
Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) with an incremental
facility not to exceed $5 million (the &#8220;Incremental Facility&#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &#8220;Loans&#8221;).


 2019
 Lifeway entered into
the Second Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &#8220;Second Modification&#8221;)
with its existing lender. The Second Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by redefining
the &#8220;Borrowing Base&#8221; and further clarifying the definitions of &#8220;Eligible Accounts&#8221; and &#8220;Eligible
Inventory.&#8221; The &#8220;Borrowing Base&#8221; under this amendment means
 generally
 an amount equal to the sum of (a) 85%
of the unpaid amount of all eligible accounts receivable
 plus (b) 50% of the value of all eligible inventory. The Second Modification
also addresses the calculation of interest after the potential discontinuance of LIBOR and its replacement with a replacement benchmark
interest rate.


 2020
 Lifeway entered
into the Third Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 (the &#8220;Third Modification&#8221;)
with its existing lender. The Third Modification amends the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 as amended
 by removing
the monthly borrowing base reporting requirement effective September 30
 2020
 including a covenant to maintain a quarterly minimum
working capital financial covenant
 as defined
 of no less than $11.25 million each of the fiscal quarters commencing the fiscal
quarter ending December 31
 2020 through the expiration date
 and eliminating the tier interest pricing structure. The Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement continues to provide Lifeway with a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $5 million
(the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) and provides the Borrowers with an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &#8220;Incremental
Facility&#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &#8220;Loans&#8221;). The Termination Date of the Revolving Loan was
extended to June 30
 2025
 unless earlier terminated.


 as amended
the Modified Revolving Credit Facility remains substantively unchanged and in full force and effect
 including customary representations
warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to maintain a fixed charge coverage
ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.00 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving Credit
Facility continues to provide for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to
perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Modified Revolving
Credit Facility may be accelerated. The loans and all other amounts due and owed under the Revolving Credit Facility and related
documents are secured by substantially all of our assets.


 2020
 we had $2
768
net of $9 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had $2
223 available for
future borrowings as of December 31
 2020.


 all outstanding amounts under
the Loans bear interest
 at Lifeway&#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the Prime Rate minus 1.00%) or the LIBOR
plus 1.95%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee of 0.20% and
 in conjunction
with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee of 0.20%. Lifeway&#8217;s interest rate on debt outstanding
under our Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31
 2020 was 2.10%.


coverage ratio and minimum working capital covenants at December 31
 2020.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











stores for its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary and office space which includes fixed base rent payments as well as variable rent
payments to reimburse the landlord for operating expenses and taxes. The Company terminated its office space leases in June 2020.
The Company also lease certain machinery and equipment with fixed base rent payments and variable costs based on usage. Remaining
lease terms for these leases range from less than 1 year to 4 years. Some of our leases include options to extend the leases for
up to 5 years and have been included in our calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liabilities. Lifeway includes only
fixed payments for lease components in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Variable lease payments are
those that vary because of changes in facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date
 other than the passage of time.
There are no residual value guarantees. We do not currently have leases which meet the finance lease classification as defined
under ASC 842.


term of 12 months or less on the balance sheet. Expense for these short-term leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Total lease expense was $440 and $688 (including short term leases) for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively.


the contract conveys the right to use a physically distinct asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration
 we direct
the use of the asset and obtain substantially all the economic benefits of the asset.


are measured and recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement
date. We have elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components into a single component for all of its
leases. For many of our leases such as real estate leases
 we are unable to determine an implicit rate; therefore
 we use our
incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future
payments for those leases. We include options to extend or terminate the lease in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and
lease liability when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



for our operating leases was 2.0 years as of December 31
 2020. The weighted average discount rate of our operating leases was
7.75% as of December 31
 2020. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was $384 for the year ended
December 31
 2020.



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020













claims
 audits
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.


matters when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. We
evaluate
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that
would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually
or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding
legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have
a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.


to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status
of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable
certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











consists of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
596
    



tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State and local tax
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
596
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
101
(2
015

    
    
    

    
(2
568
(2
480

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
558

    
(1
764
    



tax attributes related to net operating losses for which it has recorded deferred tax assets.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar year 2017 and subsequent
federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the
 as of December 31
 2020. The annual
 as of December 31
 2019 if the unrecognized
tax benefits were recognized.


in the consolidated statements of operations was $(16) and $41 during 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The amount of accrued interest
and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $44 and $60 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











 Lifeway stockholders
approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards
of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and
performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock
awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The
number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have
been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2020
 3.317 million
shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least
annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including
issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and stock options to attract and retain new and existing executives.




activity during the year ended December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2020
    
    
    
    

    
 2020
    
    
    
    



 2019
 all outstanding options were vested
and there was no remaining unearned compensation expense. For the year ended December 31
 2019 total stock-based compensation expense
recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $1. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 no tax-related benefits were
recognized.


using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting
and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we did not have sufficient historical exercise data
to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.




represents the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSAs have no exercise price. The grant date fair value
of the awards is equal to our closing stock price on the grant date. The following table summarizes RSA activity during the year
ended December 31
 2020.



    
    

    
    


 2019
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2020
    

    
    



period. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations was $83 and $109
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 tax-related benefits of $22 and $30
respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested RSA&#8217;s
was $134
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.36 years.




compensation programs for fiscal year 2017 (the &#8220;2017 Plan&#8221;) and for fiscal year 2019 (the &#8220;2019 Plan&#8221;)
for certain senior executives and key employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;). Under both the 2017 Plan
 long-term incentive
compensation is based on Lifeway&#8217;s achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance levels versus respective
targets established by the Board for each fiscal year. Under the 2019 Plan
 long-term equity incentive compensation is based on
Lifeway&#8217;s achievement of four strategic milestones over a three-year period from Fiscal 2019 through Fiscal 2021.




 collectively the participants
had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&#8217;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the participants performance compared to their individual objectives.
The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the three years
from the 2017 grant dates. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $49 and $288 was expensed as stock-based compensation
expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 there was no remaining expense.




 collectively the
participants have the opportunity to earn equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $1
733 depending on
Lifeway&#8217;s performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted
stock that vests 50% of unvested shares in year one
 50% of unvested shares in year two
 and 100% of remaining unvested shares
in year three from the 2019 grant date. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $112 and $51 was expensed under the 2019
Plan as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively.




 we awarded a special retention
grant (the &#8220;2019 Retention Award&#8221;) of restricted stock to senior executives and key employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;).
The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in March 2019
 one-third in March 2020
and one-third in March 2021. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 $87 and $342 was expensed as stock-based compensation
expense in the consolidated statements of operations
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining unearned compensation
was $14
 which will be recognized in 2021
 subject to vesting.




 we awarded
a long-term equity-based incentive of $750 to our Chief Executive Officer (the &#8220;2020 CEO Award&#8221;) depending on Lifeways
2020 performance levels compared to the respective targets. The equity-based incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock
that vests one-third in March 2022
 one-third in March 2023
 and one-third in March 2024. The issuance of vested equity awards
is subject to approval under the Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 $50 was
expensed as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 the total remaining
unearned compensation was $700
 of which $364 will be recognized in 2021
 $221 in 2022
 $98 in 2023
 and $17 in 2024
 respectively
subject to vesting.





which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan we match employee contributions under
a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $420 and $367
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





12. Segments
 Products and Customers


Dec. 31
 2020






Segments
 Products and Customers

Note 12 &#8211; Segments
 Products and Customers


kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive
blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 25 to 30 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming
Units) at the time of manufacture.


and market products under the Lifeway and Fresh Made brand names
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low-fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 and BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures).

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese
 white cheese
 and Sweet Kiss.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in soft serve and pint-size containers.



reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
the Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues relate to
the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a
common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
81
437
    
71
822
    

    
12
905
    
11
459
    

    
2
872
    
4
228
    

    
2
733
    
2
780
    

    
1
594
    
1
756
    

    
    
    
1
617
    

    
102
026
    
93
662
    




    
    
    


 &#8211;
Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 21% and 22% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 22% and 17% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











 2015
 Lifeway&#8217;s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&#8221;) under which we may
from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or
250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2017 amendment&#8221;)
 by adding
to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of
$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without
limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.


during the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company repurchased 179 shares at a cost of $405 or approximately $2.27 per share.
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company repurchased 211 shares at a cost of $538 or approximately $2.55 per share.
During the year
 the Company reached the amended threshold of 625 shares and therefore no shares of common stock remain available
to be purchased under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment as of December 31
 2020.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











the Chairperson of its board of directors. Fees earned are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and were $1
000 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.


 2020
 Lifeway entered into
an amended and restated consulting agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective as of December 31
 2020
 with the Chairperson.
Under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
 the Chairperson will continue to provide consulting services with respect to
among other things
 our business strategy
 international expansion and product management and expansion. For the services
 the
Company will pay an annual service fee of $500. The Chairperson will also be eligible for an annual performance fee target of $500
based on the achievement of specified performance criteria. The Chairpersons annual service fee and target bonus amounts are subject
to periodic change by the Compensation Committee of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors on 30 days&#8217; prior written notice
to the Chairperson. The Agreement shall continue until either party provides at least a 10-day written notice of termination.


with the Chairperson of its board of directors under which we pay the Chairperson a royalty based on the sale of certain Lifeway
products
 not to exceed $50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and were $600 and $588 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.








Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 205-40
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern which requires management
to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosure in certain circumstances.
There were no conditions or events
 when considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.








select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 12
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery
to our customers or their common carriers. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.


are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods
 nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.








with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition. The Company does not charge interest on past due accounts receivable.








investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.








cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve
or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred.







Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets


price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. We estimate the fair value of
our one reporting unit annually (as of December 31)
 or more frequently if certain conditions exist
 using a combination of the
fair values derived from both the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value
of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on our estimates
of revenue growth rates and operating margins
 taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate used
to determine the present value of future cash flows is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant
risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the
projected cash flows. The market approach estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable
publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics. The resulting fair value
 based on the income
and market approaches
 is then compared to the carrying value to determine if impairment is necessary.


asset impairment exists using both qualitative and quantitative assessments annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
if certain conditions exist. The qualitative assessment involves determining whether events or circumstances exist that indicate
it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If
 based
on this qualitative assessment
 we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset
is less than its carrying amount or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment
 a quantitative assessment is performed
to determine whether an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment exists. We test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for
impairment by comparing the carrying value to the fair value based on current revenue projections of the related operations
 under
the relief from royalty method. Any excess of the carrying value over the amount of fair value is recognized as an impairment.
Any such impairment would be recognized in full in the reporting period in which it has been identified.




combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets with finite
lives are amortized over their estimate useful lives as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



in Amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations.


for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts
more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions
to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including
changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted
future cash flows. If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the
intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.








following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.


equity securities without a readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment
 if any
 plus or minus changes resulting from
observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. During October 2019
the Company sold approximately 45.6% of one of its investments recorded under the cost method and recognized a $1
438 gain on sale
of investment
 which is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded
an unrealized gain of $1
731 resulting from the observable price change of this transaction
 which is recorded in other income
(expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has one investment without
a readily determinable fair value which is recorded at $1
800 in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet.








federal
 state
 local and foreign income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference
between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the year in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The principal sources
of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 incentive
compensation
 unrealized gain
 capitalization of indirect inventory costs for tax purposes
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
and the allowance for doubtful accounts.


deferred tax assets when it is more likely not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expense or benefit
is based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to period.


in all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based
on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes. We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future
changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period
of such change. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax
benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit
settlements
 tax examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit)
for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations.








for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring the grant date fair value
but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company issues share based equity awards from treasury shares.








method.








and reported in Selling expense in our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 total
advertising expenses were $2
407 and $3
394
 respectively.








is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive
common stock equivalents related to the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock-based compensation awards outstanding during the reporting
period. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were 169 and 56 common stock equivalents outstanding
 respectively.










 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
Reform on Financial Reporting. The new guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected
to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The guidance will be effective prospectively as of March 12
 2020 through
December 31
 2022 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance
will have on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new guidance is intended to enhance and simplify

to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income

 2020 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period for public business entities
for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. Management does not anticipate the adoption of this ASU will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
Financial Instruments &#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 in November 2018
issued an amendment
 ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 and in November
2019 issued two amendments
 ASU 2019-10
 Financial Instruments&#8212;Credit Losses (Topic 326)
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815)
 and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates
 and ASU 2019-11
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments&#8212;Credit
Losses. The series of new guidance amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on
expected losses rather than incurred losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments
 including trade
receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. The guidance should be applied on either a prospective
transition or modified-retrospective approach depending on the subtopic. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. Management is currently
evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





3. Inventories
 net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020









    



    
    
    

    
1
725
1
942

    
2
234
2
230

    
2
971
2
220


 net
6
930
6
392




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment


    



    
    
    

    
1
565
1
565

    
17
834
17
332

    
31
707
30
670

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
52
969
51
558

    
(31
921
(29
284


 plant and equipment
 net
21
048
22
274




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









    



    
    
    

    
10
368
10
368

    
(1
244
(1
244

    
9
124
9
124

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
12
824







    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(8
244
(8
092


 net
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.




























Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









    



    
    
    

    
1
366
3
009

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
196
4
087














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
596
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State and local tax
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
596
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
101
(2
015

    
    
    

    
(2
568
(2
480

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
558

    
(1
764
    







tax attributes related to net operating losses for which it has recorded deferred tax assets.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

































































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2020
    
    
    
    

    
 2020
    
    
    
    







    
    

    
    


 2019
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2020
    

    
    




































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





12. Segments
 Products and Customers (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020









    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
81
437
    
71
822
    

    
12
905
    
11
459
    

    
2
872
    
4
228
    

    
2
733
    
2
780
    

    
1
594
    
1
756
    

    
    
    
1
617
    

    
102
026
    
93
662
    








Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life








Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













438







731





800







407


394










































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





3. Inventories
 net (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











725


942





234


230





971


220



Total inventories
 net

930


392



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property and equipment
 gross

969


558





921)


284)



Total property
 plant and equipment
 net

048


274










Property and equipment
 gross

565


565










Property and equipment
 gross

834


332










Property and equipment
 gross

707


670










Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Goodwill
 gross

368


368





244)


244)



Goodwill
 net

124


124





700


700





824


824

































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




244


244





209)


092)



Other Intangible assets
 net





























529


529


























248


248





















Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











366


009


























196


087




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020




  2025







768














223























000














000







Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019





































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.






















































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019







































596



































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











015





State and local tax expense
 net

























































596





Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate
 percentage






State and local tax expense
 net
 percentage






Other permanent differences
 percentage






Section 162m
 percentage






Stock based compensation
 percentage






Uncertain tax positions
 percentage






Change in tax rates
 percentage






Change in tax estimate
 percentage






Other
 percentage






Provision for income taxes
 percentage










Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Adjustments
 Percent




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Reconciling Items
 Amount










































































































































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.




























Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.



















































































































Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.

























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











101)


015)












568)


480)































































558





764)




























































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.






















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.















































































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















State net operating losses
 gross




State net operating losses
 net






  2035







Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 State and Local
 net





















































































Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning balance




















Unrecognized tax benefits
 ending balance










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Options outstanding
 beginning balance



























Options outstanding
 ending balance






Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 beginning balance






Weighted average exercise price
 options granted






Weighted average exercise price
 options exercised






Weighted average exercise price
 options forfeited






Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 ending balance






Weighted average remaining contractural life
 outstanding






Weighted average remaining contractural life
 exercisable






Aggregate intrinsic value
 options outstanding






Aggregate intrinsic value
 options exercisable

































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















RSA's outstanding
 beginning balance



















RSA's outstanding
 ending balance













The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
















































































































































500







317


































































































































































































































































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





12. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019





026


662






















437


822






















905


459






















872


228






















733


780






















594


756
























617




















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





12. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details Narrative)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Two Customers [Member]













Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Ten Largest Customers [Member]































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











185












Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]






Stock repurchased during period
 shares










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











000


000














Professional and contract service expense includes cost reimbursements for support services related to contracted projects
 outsourced management
 technical and staff support.





























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

M2L0P$(9?17)O)VE1


F










H%N


M




M'1



%.70[@:0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K3


KD*)\
M3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;\K^
M:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\





2YX;6R-
MF%UOXC@4AJ]G?X6%5MI=J9#8 4I'@$2A[+(STT5E9T;5:B]
8B!J8C.V4\J_
MW^




M$Y _\2UF!W5VC

N ;IZ98BAY
M'F94T_%0B@.2YFF@F8

(C]
!UK(]H
MP8OY9.K21E]7
_3KS[\-/0VO


M&W:@1S07(E(W




O)YN/P=8Q[?;_;'8!A
MO-I4U2Z/&]G\



M6#J#S



BYX;6RM66MOVS84




AR&O<.P<QA-.:1J@R UJ# /['O+'VD%
M/3A3M7.5=*[

O*R_% 4H@52L/P*!@SO
M*S9'#90*L4:T@@7=#3Z4!E2*]EZOVPI6V=[$!%=RM6_]1.OM^\%&&0]O\#R
M@PX(CSB 1XU@Y%A]SV0_^-UW
XQS8*&VK%O%U8LK3[M@XH
49$% 1GFR04F2
XCY/L3=/GYI'&#LA.5-=?ESD8KO?/ Q&Y!R@<(I<TI-+O.1N)-M27B+V

XS-^NT9YUZ6=^R==N49L9!)2E$



MU

M0P)'AGS

3+E


MZU\)GM)W8A?N)![O01P@'$_4


E8
MT!V@*)L0=#*H O&KPC5;
QCNXVDY*5[$4?'39*P+#E1.)A8X&52!G*



X_(
M/(:SOMI0:0ZCK=[ P?E?5KXWL/U;KI11!B&1:+6#5II2@?5QS<SG&QM6J\
M#_)CF]S!BT+_5IFYH]HW/%&P3QP!XS3.137XZ#A;3Q/@JB+$AY3W)O^:Y

MF%\D%$K7U['#!):.4L\J&MB0M




M035






=E+B##^$RK=-FU

?G$Y[



M\

#QHPXZ:IYI'$]_'Z-_*).'
M9)94L87(OO%4;Z]&R0BE;$WWF7X03W^Q.J'0Q%N)3)6?Z*FV]49HM5=:Y+4S


S_*

M^J-(6?HRP 0R:M(BQ[1NB#/B+5M=(!^_1\0CG@5H\6IW/'7@^

M7;$2.6O'%_U[O51:PAK^SQ$]:*('9?1@(/K?4.V*9LPZ\I5K5+J:FC[

0P)
MB6:3P^EX]



90 R
]HG*#2\4RM@:0GH7
3#)ZHBJNM!B5Y[R+(76(B]_

M8(

B)5






['AZ_1[^IDE?)/!%!5SS[



R(YH(
M(

N
V

/

.?81&T
M@!/.!J (.RKSV)QN+JAN7P.GPN;REG@.?CT#MZPG%\G@4DDXDH-#H\;G3\





Z@U
Y'8P8U
8=OGL1W5U20KA=):'-_V4D/F2\2P84SEU&S
[MP


%QK32$!CQQ@X31F?B[1KJBW
M##U#@8<@29H-T.;K(-;\O--]$0AMBB-8'8_@\5EZ.X!4!1 (%1GP([/@_5%
MACC'





M1#BB(&FB^
.YQCK.[JN3PG]T\-EK$/QYV@B(1


^QQ;-.W%U$T0 E0(/6W7% 
M3R
= '740=.-2MC(/P#?[TL\Z $1$NFPZ-&!59J!NC_VJ;CRY/ CX4.T'\



M\J

OA]M#WV(

M/GTQ]UJ384: K(I&\=C1:7Z^#0J(S/







M[31E?_W.3@A4*JQ?(&??O7OOV;D






A






S_





'LWZ_XQ/WH.7!F




U*Z



[MMA;ST%-:/ R#@B$'FQ%+


ML'TBI4H]9T8#[.*O4%)#U#-Q-)'W_6Y+;:QW07.QX6U;#QL;8%%G%XP:L_)#
MT]XU$I?%&5F*!W =S


/H_XCVN.&?*_=
M!PLO'SRT.K]Y^3]V5ZK[$F\SDA^OR=/^/A!;D.V%.#E;S93_B/O1+L4SK.A

M7.81V'NBO$ T[Q[=5O#7NL4$N+GFA

X%#JO &K+&K/8A
M5.?S9*MJ\9!H_=IT-U;B-U*=GAS8&OQ?#2DD^$RKP BJAW@2_D (A!12[/$G
MM[)W0]1=[PND:( N+)V-VLH7.WP2%50\8/G0XSN0(8/[IZ9%01PXYBNXN;




M$


M:\#
*177BB.DV!I17;KMRJI38B(B3H&Q3-
&[@(GHE532Z73[#LO[D#3*A:T



M9#8!7:QSJ['
-Z;I]J-C1%*S8TJY62 2QO(EJE&:CRP0?


MK4Y





75;
0K)-!+L75:< PS4


M+



OF:44)
;:-K
)E4=Y3!YO

M

UF=0LPJ-[7TVHM!E6QN9



NAX?5
MIV-ZVSH/7$60@)=#O8:2;.)0@2\2SDS%B2/%EIGA^KVLU R?I#LR*MVYJ=


 CDE.V.Y]+[3
N5/RS%[K:+P+J
ME+

Q1)6CX\:2Q829
M&ZR.K.JFX\6=0KFAWQ_I&2DJ

36NE
[0=V
MYQBA)99CU(7_L'29#$F+T\&AS[IK?H:@YV




M0M5
FT(S/%03M
R-MB<HI4
MH\9IVJQUDG-8KBR!*V:+HD/A5L?$-:G\Y=5$NUPW BF0U[D^3.Z/NX7)08_


MXHI4 9Q6$(]$NX#K^E;Z64EF]

E3N;



KO4Q

JADY@$ZZ-CU4D&#W0/2HLA

M3H1\EQ
KCSG

M-K%B&[^2^:
(




G2I0
3/O1N9^#RS\FO_*#OA+'A2-59_\B=R;4
M%TJ]ZKZW


M:;*1F.$4*?D/;UF$]$#GKP* CM_1UF/Z


T2+MN_;C?S(=U]LQP7X?M6V??R%!Z2_
M2_7]_P-02P







MO\*[=^2.:Q)MH

K4E= A@2RET3:;%NU4O<:



M)-IE:
F4 X3%D78STK(G:&
&MTK:VL K66+Y(T%(/DZ.LD='-^PLXTLL+B&)
F5
MZ7B!*Y_ZT*^1W_]E[((*?SQ+&=Q_.=OU/1$I9M4<$I H:COC
724Q78&J%2

M!0-Q%N1)ZI8D8=XM+VH*5#_\Y C9R*(

MHI_/

M?O6DPI
6;E'OAT%EJ R]M&


MA]
H6-4- V&G+(V785O3/$?M%.B^4O28CH(S
/U#K/\#4$L#!!0    (  U(
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM;)U7
M6V_;-A1^UZ\@O&+H VV9;MULB1 DK9;'KH6;;<^#'N@I2.+K42JO-1)?_V^




M!T1.
_'::%\Y\5(75-P4
 :^ 636@SS/'I7X@O(#




-TFLV[9W)N&;N6#5AFZ?/)I'LF







M\]LEB&(;K LL?B

HRE+V 5SN
-Z6JOHHIC4[%V)B*^U*E4N0=.-0K(IL]XZ
()F*UXDJ3
MD,084K$*R+I*,7JD8M8-X7*?038]=<JQA(I$W1.UN
ZB
YTPXN.DCWE]H;R


S[[3









M

P;S#\HB#.'UJU$2QV_^NJPV@

O,DW3.]Y=*0Z@U!H][U( #=V+S96%5Y
M:ZV5):/Z94$O(VJ70.<;1;=WV+@[5L[_PE02P
$%     @ #4AY4A'O9D+'
Q]O]TE+M;&?G5+(B_NEVZR\'2^^J'\=BE2RJD&YF*2NSDQA;2



MBM:N]RS8DKDQ7_GE?78YF+!IGUS$'B9T6O26MF!#7^:'@..I%
V']NN;\+

35+:V

L\,BA3
MN4IE &BS\W<-2_J&18;$E/_<PE_Y)^@B61<6,@RO#W)/6NZBLF:E,G(]5)(

=M%
6$NZI$GS3

&URH4D 9RIF(-\

&V7#'7L/&D53AY.AB\/J!=$N&^@XGR#+$$?
M427$)CU];XQ%46)=;M!V^I'):QLDVII5;[A(TP7F;!VCO.I8?-6JX6::ZB9
5^NH*QFU%[ZLO_4JANT*+<%BZB(*3#4RH)NUW@PY567!
M\@7]42/CFOZF/O/Y'-Q?OHTP2.OUF4E5=828!$\!+6&R


M.IIMJSA)--DFQW/D&O@T

MSSGR=P=[R=%!J1LT&)] BT
#P%0.  !O $R-RB?+10-\HFO4;HQ2Z&,ABP,
MV.RC,'XCX7N2T8Q
E9L@)4YYA@?;;['5-







6$!W0WL
MU5]02P

O*Q9DE3M!BC@+O=N;8 M






M&S!K&4UM0ZE7:W\:F4J4G&C\7?;F*I1QE6VJUF*N:-:\ SQ+JF-WH%J$ M#
MMN (_][J8/32YAW%?D=BBTR[[ (.IX:4A3+K0RVF';R@.U0.]H-M2?J.XEC]
MC.W7OMUHMU.) @M$^Q@?^Y9VT? ./5CYTCP






5&NCI1_
5C6DX&X2FT
M$&J74#BT$1%63F=?/2^0J@W)%&!W!X0GS#( 2X68!($-K-]9=N&7)%1DK_R
MPRWMX@'/S$?!L]HTNXAT662Y-A$E$-LSRME0?*=@?#W B&%*=QFSL@&2@20I

M 1OJ@ VETP-B%DQ
R0SF[!7W*GXNP4-(/M 3W8MW#UW^*,W_
MMD44'[4(X242D^N/CIZ#N]L/ M(=$+^ML8P*I7AZL5)ZDWLA]Y]Y6&W'D&H


4Q$VKC;^8

MGML8M#+TP0D?VU:Z_35IVU_


M6K



$T[E7(]1N (D8,!I![:=01$WMI$;N<IC%
M_Q+FO2C'
3E5K+PS3SE2'S=?X+1 H'CD @5V%$V)




M]&QXL'S+!4\AZ#1M4B6B][F+51KR\^D(.I!#LX68_.:LY@3QQ=!XM/

M ^K&$P=TX*2
C;R_'?A4C!V0J1V8-5N1I^[(IGM-D'J%H?69(]'DP]1.AR ?



M='

[7[^G 4J6/98K+Q()H+M/G[X1%SMM/MN-E([NF[JU

5:?I#NT_;.X&UR
MT%*I1K96Z9:
7%T.KI/SFYS/^P._*KFS1\_$GBRU_LPO/U27@Y@!R5J6CC4(
M_'V1M[*N61%@_-'K'!Q





67)B-(X

7_7C&1'TSDWD3^NHF3
M%+XN_;-VDI*8OOUFGB;)=T\0A\WDK9&?U&^#LZ6LI4KY8:$@B1U=# J-4K%
M.DMZ10Y*UVCY%2[/H^0P'[I/U*8/DX$EF6SE(:9CIAIT)TLHMO.&-DZR
A*
M&E'3&\H6


@C3K@HS1?1.[F2
M6*EHGB=49%ET=W#D.7Q82$;%8HK_V3RE:U0\'I5K80OW]ZI3^




Q=^QBV-G


VK9

M_F:CT%HLU!F9$@Y&/[$KU










M;F=W1I9%28[LS65&3K+;G=FM



M


M-[I@59D:PNF2G'+K+=YJT/DW:=H7M]YD7\Y(MUS(



MN4NPCN419DUBNUZ\);E4IH
NEJ(





3.CIEO\)R]%@;
M




MM

M@F






M#A$M]4*G0A:)'4E2=R3M1.&.U2:NC\](7^+)Z2LYD+XN1[S?:3JXXNI.(0&@

M\BQ4F[:/DI[1^-ZOJ%0:?*!@0)K@PZ7[)JX\\Z%9[5F-G)T6T^28&T/WH1



AV4=A[[9=VZ-D8]&V

M6BQWSX9H=AJO=%6I/96A;M0!SN_:KDZ6
E+;
MN5O4[JZ;G<Y8W&9UCP<*B88(:$^H#IO9OP(_UT^X&PON)F.05K%Z'_?^6FZY
M&NMR?Q+C:9TR'4WEZ@Q-EN6P!B

M\I++2BQ-W-

XZ?B;^[)C./XC









O

M;1VT

MV%YFM8__Z=#(SA9#RFH?;-DJ T&I3/


ER457!XJZ 7;J?IB%9RBS0'G]!'9_



M

MXECQGC(H;\[3!?(_WXB01



WN5
TX;19YW

C0S9VTM
M419@-$%M%)#B]AO1WN)9A5-&NXCI$=EH,9$^6$#QF0L3R\_]'B[EX.GEV^_
MR*R.7-QKQH.I0$]SR
X-%A

M *--K)
-*Z*X#*6.9VS'^&*0V;)$9$8&OH4V06&(U+KFN*())]'@FM707.R4



E



V/V

MAXW?&Y^.(6F
565K3 Q*6?E?\=SJ




(-;P=
$SQ1.A45%0#@R@*$'5=R$0LQ*4F&EI


N0X\[P+MGDJ'*$*X2RY^C


^C [8U])(XN:
MPN9

M:83/1-]J;\01C%)*
*G&F[8H-/AFH$/'3XKNX/&CXD:5-3O9 :40+4[[=!(%

MY0FYW








X
MVCE

MKBFPO]$%!ZJ\:R:Q9KJJE?8;]@']X2K2


;&FBL(U&V5W(#
17L[H
M



ZY6!FS=
M 4$TW6:V!XO*KW']]9@3&?+H@*%F:\TWG0
0D#CI2DOK[8$47B
26GU!)SS$



[DW

M5
.LDT_O=LI@


NZ.



2YX;6Q]5$UOVS 


I Y&7\&CCI6#(


M$PJ


ME

^7:=^'^N9FW70&#^]\ YW&!




3G(!)5OL79?\A X
M?Y






28O9
M50$I.;FIK$W6&JB=J$Q#LK0]C-.WI$@1=W/H-PS@ -YPC-F^WS99\Y'TX4U
MZ\KF&VL:&* .A@M __8J3Z&)X?ULL4A



ML$U+

3.5;(K1YW:A:BGNNN7/3IY-\D F

M**U= VQ5WWI)B:3$5%6[()E 



M938J/C


-&1_



&^UR51)^16





M##$.& ?05;7

M5





M\X_7P'*W. /6V25#YA*KO_L

C


3T*$Z


I904ZON




MX'B]%8?%($/55*@S\$(]:

%/I3%?-F+?!MR7Q%

M'9QXIJ&%[


MX('=1]4

25TMA.6[<&< .$


4BCWR.&E'&1I5=$X2Z8-H]E#0]


ANB8TAL2]@5KA#Y+N

:]8P;]<

S?Q0?]; W;O%;[DOP/F4F]V2J9*7\S\G(#O6?:5['Q

 =2#J4 ;
6

MA:L)T7SNEPWU_=A\.9H)21_W8DAU1#G213*8F ]8RI=)M?D5V)VI0] @^J




8
%W9K'
M!/=:\)Z-[ND[R/B^^)@@5 MI=KV0ZQ%],B.E.1H8DK&U^KV+)@DZ'_*N)Q





&:&I!#]3:


MLU-C=FW;\PN]6R/[)/&+7^Y*?T&R^\F$#VXM#YBPTRSWVV3/ D=$ZJ+J_U
M9DO:
GAQ\C?=JENRS1E/S:S$BF47X%PT$$(Z-6^26


R::0+[LS[?O
 RI
M)+%'DR.R

$3J
MFY]2X4ZZPQ5\L'8'7CB/!F

9 9K!C
M\4PL#




M0=$QGWN0#4




MTU2]\$;N^P\KM_YB;J;W13JY7

K\



MGY^?0'ZOL;W2+4*Q



GM:4@Z\2$]1)4PY

$DJZ146&T/* Y:W=%I23].)6[=DRX24D7CM
K0%ZELK


M971S+W-H965T
C



L
A5J/@VZP
=SR56Z=(9R

=@3$34#L\ZZ)?);GS++)2*LU:.=-:&[A
M2_71E!R7[E(65M
IIS@[B3NPJ.\#;C)8\)7D&4^8M#!-$E5)R^4*YDKPA*.!



)93JV$*]P:S2L 5]:QY2^[]7%-CZ$&W





UMH.W&D]9WZ[U]/ZFND5EX:N)*/0J'-
M@NAZ M8;JTH_=9;*4II^F=-' [5SH/-
*;O9.(+V


.R@V(PM5)8\26[:?U]*





Q9!WEJGZVTP
:B%ZB1_W?9A
M+^ B.1# M@$L\.X2!98WW/'YU.@-&.]-:/X02@W11$XH_U


MB5K/C^WX+=A1Q!O


$D(
M)$JVY, V$*==[ (-UFBZ[:'8 RV-+:(4J9)4W/S['4JVU@4:'R1^S;SW9LB9
MY5&;[[9!=/SE<JNPL:Y[CZ.;=5@R^V=[E#1R5Z;ECM:FD-L.X.\'IQ:&;
D

_H





MHU:4X7XL4J%\8BJT%A@K(9NS8
:BQ7P!
Y(Y*X./_HA75=_VDCNLJ0(IWDKP




P$'[/7V&%
M8$4EL1-MW2TE=H-QAZ0IFW  ^+!3:Z-A6,'VUD'?SUGI\TZM!9XB.-?]]UW
MW]GG\5KI[Z8L.2A%M)

MB&F2G


;E4JEQS(0B3
M);F2ELD57P@@
V/ &O+JCN'(O!['%OTYJ[C88
\[;+H'.Z7DHY*V
N2=+*%\

3%4U'0:_'$4F3:'2]YU@5A1M
MW0IF':NZ85SCU;0$Y3& AR2-:):1UWWG$6H4I33KVFN7922U6@RB$Z3I&N#


\J'[@CO-2M@D
MA&+F\JX-7



M:&5E=#(W+GAM;'U436\:




MF3?.F3#P8[DQ5M
-^7DAQ;!+

MAO. NLZ@_HV!JPJ6&]2N
CU7&2I//.V1.:V$\-ZXS%Z&P^9*EURYKO@N)^


AGU'FWA=45$


M5G


M@B.PD'*Z-X



MZJ PM:;F'G?6[A6X:[_7_?F;D3=BVUX_0K#AWTSTXCL













Q8(!L8?L(4![=5$]GNLU*_CE  M.

/&N6Z5X8\Z]M[SDBE7P+423

M31P&^P7+62U;1..6JP)1P78%KU9V
+\X LR 1IA;(]6S\Y2P\0/$-!CY)S@+
MDXD;O\H'GC^#!OMR'.:0CR8G$.0^!/$H.?%^0PHH6'/L2PUEJ12(!^:K0/2Q
M#OU1A-(Q!*
 ]78-
$C#&D)


M



MQ53:7G/7F#S6/'^OO?_GGLWA9B6*%0@#*T8'JE*R_Q721AY]:8O6C_2:&6


-
M1VU#02X;6Z$4W9PW?',P63UFOFOZ_*550J=+_]PIH6G_
04
!Q2 %'WJPL


YGINB++6DOYSL

%5WF$T4L E]@VE(




MD5LQ7B\R 5N:PW/UAF(.FZH-AAW;[@JX4B4=E 7UX0:5-M;'?@].]NI2R?_
M_G#4:7J
;5#2
(?8.(2(F@W6C$O8L+1$*
A

JLGXK%Z]+S=
QISN18IK
O6Z0TJ[K&9V)6A1V#FY
M$IJFKMTF]

Z6LXT0(

Q+GAM;'U474_;
!1][Z^X
MBJ@$4D02)VU2U%:B



%FLI;RP2ZNBX47
MVHPP=Q8!4Z?1[S IK%%

M!6YXWY@[N?V(NWPF5B^7C7;_L!VPR=2#O-=&MCLR1=#68OCRIUT=7AR\ T





^(2;6H$T

)Z7?P%02P
$%     @

Q

/Q#OU;)9[$K)C!









MKKJH@:H_U*VF66TZ];3N3_OPNLW/F5YS::A@2JE!9TC7C:X[9SVQJJBZU4I9
MZGW5





M
 C&?DXH]^;3:FTEYU-1:D8YK1299X3^;( )G8S#WN'A35-,VT7_/FT(EL
M0#\6*VEF?H

M2


M:



^$4(?)O: IH.?_P%0
M2P
$%     @ #4AY4L.D3



X%@77E*]@+AB-




!6C






]

M%00

C']M3J^CM






M19./9^KW+K1]3'\2:8Y
(08K PM&-\:B;!ZH9J+%QMWQI=#FQ7##RKSI(&V
MV5\)H0\3^VQT_Q+9?U!+ P04      -2'E2]^[7$44#  #$P  &0   'AL


G=07SG2F)M*:;
M-FG5HGYL#]

;-.T_WXV4$(20E





MH4DH

M

MVTJK


!-&\8G[L


MX68YX[E4HJQ'LV^YF2E6PGRECG%DTT'QB5MHPQ=N?1GV:F
_R MW&X;=&;'

M:P?WZ7]02P

M#VYRVECXDMD.8=]^MA.REK:D+XTOYW_.[_P;.TDMY+
J #1Z992KJ5=H75[[




YK'!%]8.H;Z'M9V3S98(J]XOJ-C;P
M4%8I+5@K-@2


MLP/GC5.;;@BW_^*CEF:7&)U.1P/T58B\)I0BS'-TQS7F:[*D@&9*@5;H= $:




MDZ

MK@E7B
+*Z(+!Q/0OFUNZF6A1NHMN*;2Y-MVP



MB46:8O[W%BA;]BW7^KPQ(?-$ZAOVH)?C.3R#?
V?N!K959:8I) )PC+$8=:W

MZIU:6+_^S'YGSLS4RQ@Q.A/$LND;X46BF&&%U1.V/(KE(8G2]B5)A?MQC
M'0M%R%96HH504JRXA]_E(6H931W0*O%'C'MJEH&V


M\S%(3*A 5^B.9$0HJKP\84:OSZ/T?G9!3I#)$,O5L(E4+T;*G ='H[*B%N

MOPH]I[M!N2O*Z7J[

JD6M;E
U.D-N Y0





MM#U


MR9E3*E7?NJ[

MA#



F3BH@ UNJ%KQW3?H_$2&+^=4

ME@J^0\)$:S;3L+6Q:.V&





#^
X=5\.:W4:
-P+CR\*_ZE*$$-ZXM,B^=Z1GH&8Z1D]2:\GN:CGD2N]RK@[\- =^&!R<D6



M;NQ[

0N))*E5&#0[7P=:Z )@Z4

9P)N%-&K+*/J\1RXW(R\T-M.W++%TM@)?SS



M


MX.DY'ELJUN.HWQL
_75-]&X5O=L8_4[03K#?D%4B8PM#UYL=2F]C059-T=

%3?0P:U5T*5(5]RU#^LOHUN ]W

M%*%!JX]W415MLQ@8F;O.



M


 =\*V::9G[MLA(9Y$:HG&E83[R[WNW]V)YW!WX(
MV)NC
;-)%DJ]V\GC:N)U;4$@88G6@=-C!P\@I36B
OY4GEZ-M







9L0M^/[9N_0



R;7FHE4CWU#9UL&/ZG/F5;G
M!?.Z05P+87)-'P0*:;/7P2W2@/]LJG02OC')
.A+VW$'2#[A%!LW^&]]ZW








M?'QR?[2UZUHV6






$  !J





M%7'&Q)X3\

$*YB=2T%Q'-HPZKO@WT0C.M


MWVB@J
T. BI<UBK?@],KM\OU&%OQNLIK.AW#4M!I[<8_2F

WN



0Q\ONM


O



MA!BCV*8Q9



Y!LY+I,X&6#YA' \PG514_#TP7+H#@C$
M3R-H-% EFXW9-AQJ=BD;86\ZI+F*Z6[DA<=N3*/AF?N$QC(</I<!'$_]R]3



'IH@2YVG











@N\?PYNPLCGJ#0S\IW)ND LW*[PL+B:X4U4/5

X





4J4NMM==
=
LL0S4GC*



^5Z]&V^1_T[1/SAWFJM@%
M*B%3E




A')&5\;OE#+J0#KB_WK%_\;G;
M7!;



[[^;ZVEH]LW-N<J%
K1%^3A:&




4

MG5E0!7.1/[%$9U/OPB


= B?OYB@I&0N2@P0Q2U,?YTYJR7)$OY%MI)=<F



MVK.UE7T%
#I=X
)=70W=A;4#JU

MVC;@O\AOS!/%]MD[
]7[YHY*K&2*Y+!$DT%OC+&2U9.AFFA1VJY[(33V\':8
MX3



MB*H$*6DW;0^1JF9;'Z8].' 5L%FMDE::3]^QX;0K$VB[@5?\/DNQ_;Q=?5

MV3%0KZLY&J9(:&*O-UI9E+J@L_# (QG[)
MN/#BJ9N[5?%4UJ;@ F\5Z+HLF7I:8%W


MC)HM7F-162\;O%]#I*&WC8WZ-_=M[)RYIIO);%/4]-/O
F'J2X875A[N3N
M[9^1A8OD85V7]BU:P,/DEH;6;;!I*#DHFG98YN'@X#!J8P#0B=[H;(J;QA






[ZW_9IW7SLRIAF/?T:A6E]WAAT4PI*FL7KBN]\A






[1R!PUJ2AX3-X__X&QUH4 D



8GRZS:]IU&L@=UR,GS

$

MC^]6Q



MT;&
]8B!@H.0+*W *H

M


M4B634YI!-?R')AT#HSN628C@7[/0@@O4Q515T*.96R)%K&%00C9.-WB%C$


NT



M36XW(IE8XRO16J*P


HJ[:]*C.M=*#ZUTK^<%SV=/X

C?S[-:IKHF[XO8N4
 .


M2P


#C


-NIBALL_ )7/2$@Z-&RN@Y#H(@'ZG:@S;_YN2X23]^
M

PFZF



M:&5E=#4T+GAM;*65WV_:
!#'_Y53U(=68N0'!&@%2 4V;0^M4&FWAVD/)CF(



MC




A?6C&@R'DJQ 6FM
MC9H=N-PX;Q

B(Q+A 8M2)IE)R5R*M20

4AX
34'$#%7\$2J*M1)2O@;R8JTB6.4)I

R4HY]W:$_V
J+]3^1C*M6L(A)[


MNVS 0_)6%
MD$

QU5H:23E=(EL[34Z]!4&EGN0:4(
MDR@:A7C,DA'?F^NTY':6,$ESC6835DR_3Q!H;;C( YV&PN^+JS;--1Q=9X


5:5#9@4E%S6(WMJ?-@#Q



JV=L/TFM/U5P19=2Y)%VZ;A7UPJK*O[:ELO1V_;2@[HK:!=#Y
M2BF[6[@$;;].7P!02P
$%     @ #4AY4KV^4K_ @  B0\   T   !X;]S
M='EL97

M
V


M*1A6DDOE:5-#(R8$2W-OX=#.H+P#3\6$5'UL&\'^70[+CX#M# 0RS@]J#8;%

M'
7*-=RUK 



&Z?MX58WR

MS4?.2E%1F_N3 R[F9.OGK:5B]R8:=
K*&*CRO3NJ-%OM6WXJ4M_03F^[J2MP




.\
W2?S+W

BM'I;Z/EQ

1N-AS:4:


M!N










M*=92B?([7



MZ]/A?&35#?NVG)?#.O3M\KU=IZ#3Z2P







SXVH=XE\W9U;G2STG

MF _;BGQZOL2)'LUL5N94F'Q5QR6IMXYTX1=$H:[27=&;\\DA[C#M?OG5^5V9


#Z6




O8V]R92YX














3 N



3




M+W-H965T



QL  .)1














M965T


4





O

4      -2'E286#$]:(  #]!@  &0

Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0

  
@(   9               @8'?  !X;]W;W)K




&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ #4AY4B\Y^K.W @  5P<  !D              (!]_4  'AL+W=O





M970U
YX;6Q02P$% 





M% 


MV!

     3 @
MP              @ $%P$ 7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      -2'E2




8;6Q02P4&     #\ /P P$0  VR !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001683168-21-001046-xbrl.zip


#(P
3(S
2YX





Q!\9'D+'$
MGBA$W=S]]NH7Y 67O;/AY?D_WJ8_CJ9[FSF?G&T.^^F8&5#0T?1_B1803B&?
MI



MB8

S_JKLWMB7=4A)]^/CT%-(D7H('IG@
MDVZ;A['KGUT'
.
O/EN M&O;Q


(!2I% ((T=&);_KQA18H[N((^\(:6
%'HZ
(OYD4VY8[!@9
M1'+I1[;O]^
Q-]@Q\X!
#!P9%=PX

+W[7
M_^VX-Y;N2<\3!E_2RS_2'3&=N<;M/.[./






4KI]TUUPV6R^M\Z7W'/;5

MF6L][/U.7_[W
YN/ @\F'Q[&5J/K$H7XV V_M



MW+C



-2 7(IY50&B:A


MJ8Y=-MX'^QX\AO508%F8/CW[@-S'[F1(*02V^Y45ENU-)34^EI+_G3S90Q






(\_4@&2PR#<K$(KRZML:5 +9Z6.(ZF_D[8ALLPG
#V
MO2_


M@2MZ*
?7WI)1^0B0EHP:148-N7 #FPL:^@9_]
Z7J
'DC[!WRS#A=W\$P-AU

ML7FS!E;/$UB(?Y2#S
_


]WR?GYU]\?MJU]ZP_/NV=EE]Q]OBTVF0 N57LMRGG00L&X=]X
3C/QQ



50%J;P_.*L#*HQ=\Z;



MSLP[[ 8S 3FJ$+('YR]*T\ME*AK*02I6)%O#02Y3U_!++Z(Z!^E=I.3DEP:]







K']IY?
M7FX*SE^

M
HRBG4WTBF1'5$OM?DZVWEARPQ\!I787
+I2G+T88$D6R





DR^TLKI+L!=866^'



T/EA

;L$UH(9Y8.XC
M-YA79_!8+QU_76SNVB NKV[4!/$79Z%;_J).7)ZG $M.41J \J@9ID+OL@&(
MZMQ_81/N ;)L'_
\B^+@ET]\S)[TA7:+Q0 [VIUMG





<(+B8<A?X'V7&[ZLUEXTYO:BGIC;LBMJ$BHS
KVJH#)5(?$ 47GK






M@R:0*8-[SO@;@'%9*
E@L%THBM%9JD]$02AB?2VBX@V5-^3\LI=-+?'1JX)0




YFQ58Z@U(.7VB][D



MNF#


M
5$U6
K[


MPLIKO)Z6DOWS-*.


MG6\5XGI(#LYZ43 W JU*_^!T8'MQT$('O.1:

_OZP&

\%7TWZLR(AGP&?F4BCQ

9B3




G.#T)K^12HH.6OTBA 4)/^+
ME%I6!()DZ+3V:(&[_+9Y:JX\8R9Z@MH
ISOBI^O !H'V1 0GBPXJ[J#0(H
MKU)-!-?


M

MU057NDAK4^!*XRL1;%@$LA

G^^^,ZJP):.Y=P6WG(B$PM5K1UT!R^OXU@


Q:W!ZI




M%EK[C='K7KS02FG[-]K1=8G9A?9L!1A;64@%\\=YQD6Q^X74R_N&P_.]6^0&
M;H63=/IK
Y9;[V5P58R7-&J1F^SI6=;EM]%ZK\U_!](+\=7) 2V[#OP7]I^

MJ9#:6!@2
H9*
%1Q

E0&JD-R?UJX* ;1

62JR46CR^FN</S[W?-U%W-%H&6;)<4]
MLMU8/W
LA[U[_

QD\HZ
MBG03+''A

NMOS R *@5]
U-
MF=4!5R?DUG&C*

*K\EO@+ESFWF9M:-JN/MR


E^=9U=Y7



L;F)3;FTLU /=(D@\0!43MD[=-I.?
MV8!G3YOJCTP;


MF




:+;





E0C[5AF[+$R



MU'
$U*/  HW'9?H

M=\NJ.# ][;Q[WM$4E98H=+C!![HQ1 R8 G(:J114$DY(9_ %KN:\RC/9HA6
M4CC'B[ '4)KQ
8C7AFI_XYA!/!B
 =^:X)*H.%++QJ52(.6KW:$V#+7)A


M*08A4SBWX%)9QR)PF0X%+=#,5Q^GGGK2YD9Z4M0XUQ?J%7!XH74#$]T@I/Y
MI.KC

F;25IDSWLC?E\SE2/!X-
MN!-
2VDC(-^. VL
FT0G3X^?XBYA):#Z J)O8*7&# Z4XD:-O/#TZP*L]?




M/_'NLJ.08(A

*F4L4E+D;$KPMT4)G)0F(?DW[7_(?#OPLHO? V(F+D*G

PC3!



3R:&-PLA ?]@4:#SL9Y/&;X1

AA5CAF0-F!RX7.[T]=

1U.T1?[/W7;AKD;

]U^


M !2
/

7^VG6KRZ
MKY!)X@6%\3L0Z8U \//(5P6J@XZI Z15*']5Z.R+68(\!OJ]9I&-(1%+&YH_
M1=C&NR9NER]
<$





M;





 =*_X[^! IQ45$/H




M$6DT2B*38021@A#WC


F^C+.]MU-])62B6Q]UD3L7I[T




 =F:,AC&RXC:R(,Z9C^;DH8ND(XQMN$T;5
MB*1'HD+00MJ.)<M&^P[^,N5P:EQC&A;\ 2Y!)3?^9IZT6,\#<LJ(RU5B.F'




ONCJ@Y2RF+4Z4?S

M5 F4&%\1H:(Q?9

SA08$LFI@J:C

MRIA_9.PJ5-KO8CT5CE53QQ-)?7$]5;

EO9;@74'%T[5(@

MD A9!YL

P^@R4=VVT)KC



.0+O=
+H7P
M)VK9(K8^;!0 &(9Q67PGP^J(
/D3-H] (+QX1RY-;Q [FNY@S)C+#$3Q4E'
M;1YB64]QTJ)])IE5^?(8\C5Y=%I(C8]'?/.C*E-V@7V=_1E@ZEH1%G8W -$
M4R]F8:9FS_I
QG9V(J\;



S


@'13'NUO]<];D3*5!YV
MI%$G
O&BO?*1D\Z
96&4BTM\'D5X42D0
0ZR8-1\L;+]:)$HS*&IPAQV0$1.

M@
IIXJ)BUMMP]D2-_I3*G=5
-SY5O+]V0K!5
NL:E M#B$1[.0Y&!AO55KAW
V]CM&\DHO/)[@V^N']XH[Y39(_S8G=2_9



M8\@Z3


MJEXPBG4Y&5:3-#(3P@(!84D.#X;)[I_PYLABSJ/)=%T=.3WD 8GB.)X
[V




M:5*QMQ.7^=&+$3)-1C7*L?VU3(
.1CY20PH&=(XEKCU1@3*\'L*+3UA\
B^_
M?AQ[A47:CJCRQ9*78'C?Y4J\@CR*2[W:1A+O/]X&WLE$U^?O'J(





0)_%QWFERGPLFJM4K9


M!R]52BRZY:I&6J+#D4OQ2R)KA\*59











?
M82@=J]8LK6L3G:S,7F?CN@]'[*S0-T7FVOU:\EGURQ-+&4:603<_:7GL]S:1
M(;.=&Z;K5)F!\N



PW[GZCS?/+!?7'8(ZN6P27=TO8SV$S47
XQ@
M)NO=F['B^$?$

MN]_K=

-=+^*OC

U
U4U@A=LF&W
;I)P3


 *=/+\%(=L.;=Z_3/MJ%XMTC;3VO%:K9==M_J


MI*_W3OO*#)ECT=#2%@U-CPP_1V'H[/4[ERL8:&LGWCWZ&I#FLD-;)([.EX0I

M[:15P%


MT=BGVE]

)I:\:!'\ (<

<3*.GWD=




QXC?1NE



MV%


MC6:K\1!D?88^

KZLM''-?8O7A$5=Y=I;2^
DKV/WHIE@I9;=!L!



M)6W:YOPVK
S19]6[+X10:WBB:S?



0.=%?+]-$ZSS11$NB2/N(924]&'?[









?KK09MRQ$3?X^(F*6
MEP+(XC:








AA#68#I(





MX


O(V!!@\ !?/DTYH$X(E1[-'(0J\S)&(XT
M+<Y@.2.20)F%;DHXWH10]D++01%35&^+CX1%;5[@N&C&?
Y)A)8NLD[VA/3ICI<._W.
MQ?DE 6(S7YHMX'\#6U8- :0.3


4]YOB\4^&

LM$QAYXP%Q.@8&CUJ(8


HAJ
U3/5'$*


M5P]#?
(8Z18AW9O
M-IRJJDZQP^Y-05
ZH7'4X?7DQ()QZ&CQU(G$27 %C@)OH+2(Z38'!&BCD3
MOTC.23+@#V=G73H6/YQ?7FJO(^





MGL&%*OT3+LIE





MXP2SQW??][- B2IRE:+4F4D-UPEDAMB*3@JP0*:JMYCPDX4N1RZZR+:RP
M@IC/)U&A[EU5#PNI)8F='8$3RX9C]D2?/LAYB0X@0=
:4+U*&
YVH:E\QGF





MZ$P)VS1@&7[D\
8C99C(7!Q
#;-EWO_$A0]]BK7%\:.B#'/'XR(PEHHOX1*!
M7H'?4*AQ/
DS![TR(S1)B\2<OZ/\P1$
MXP*_&E



9C B9R.8!\BG9#),=+KO

A.'2RTP)IS(:'[



M#Z4VX IP8#ERDC8\YON63$N 70D\3[ U3C=A)[RK8^\!YR%_I:H&(Q!UBMJ&

Y?;KONWP4^-)U



9(R=R&F



*P


M5XN/#QD_UV$I[ 0N. VQXW1

M7D2A;Z:=%7_ZU=7ACEXN0586PZV-M%W18:RH87EU160+_.FCU+3:H]RNJ%U1
M_2MZ$8-ZGII[Z[ACQK/NZ=91T@95MBAL4=BBL#E=H%?;=$I$P;VLVZXJ 13Q



M\:5NTT.I


MLJVUK%3?HCW7LL-H6!4 .\$[2#

MK:N@:P4=J5:-9DE[8I
92-5?V!R[6]B3#]PS+

MW?R


7O2%W$]#$/[9Y@


M6)3!@QF] Q2OS^#AAU/MZU2WO\/G#C 45V//AA5X_%%  =# R\Y8(W 4+( !
MIAM3^.<\]@S0ADTSDHL+-U*S6 





MWS@8[



#&H4%J(Q

M!2D 89!\Y#%7FDCF7'ZM+BAJER06+3Z$%HU&OM:-I41W;N




MHW%D%'@PE2?L5Z22P5.;N4I$P?%)+\*7.09?@&84 P2'!][PR$V$UZ'75D^/

M(0R.&) MQP+F?
RIM9=E
^6*
MHZ]C_QWLQ2/Z\#FJ

)-


)B[N^TSX2-^2PK<[.MQ*@W^MWKKJ'
MTF*T-\BGF3U;3#]X<$T%N[7M2T-Z-B1Y79O&+[[G<N+AJ4.5U[+P9SHLTZ_

M\=6F7
DB0H5\D0U#=:\SO
IO.;M?9-






MTPT#1#0L

7NTUQD6KX?I=

?R1/]N
-*ZE2B
M7


5@*UM8GS(FB\]A #I:@

$

**CGM=1N
GD5J0F%2OP7X
M2ZPNXY8#L'!]49 4_##P/J^AJ^J-L+N=).N%3UL: L<62H\0;N/)!@X,T)
MI[0DEV&/C0[2BLGDO_\(3L11QJ( _%IPAWK
MI*W:=YD1D=64^#SX'K!;H@

GF9
K('!V7ZQ&D9TUVN0CKVL:^PX]'I^.&L2ZPG

M2!;\OA'['Q#]VO'4$22;IX[VV!%J=;=7[[7=VC[&\3Y-@&11Q!@$:!R2N+]^
M\Z@J%$ !'B(ER8\-D459E965F967F@:I@2FB #18A:'DZ4R%?%X8& LPT/
M

I/(2JKGV85

M_CE#.%ZP&XY-[8'$$YPP89*TB







M

X-'&JMR&




MQ!YMUI@OS+Z



X@[=#


:EF;ZJUFJY=1J#8(XG/CO\*^Z%WM
M'/V4--//E/8@+4:PV[XL@V 1#)M'806#XS*K\V\#A3]\]+_'@PC-*[G
F]EB

)




M6!@]F7


8.@MG(#Q[M8+CZ(O2:
MA; OFW.SX)8C]?G6@(4/ZCNIVILJ'B9)L'(7?IQ
77\F4C^O3/[+J\4(K075

7[MXBK6
M*1G6U5[!N6!F:?Q5X&9I($^EX/!D$


MEHB.7$]?:1A*BHSNC@8CGP[SU4+1


M





N+
R6M=

6(.6P2E[G;




M5L






H$EQZ# ODSB/^TU_9-KD.)A@T)?

M8$E2J6IX(M(''(NJ




))4
9(F83!E!

MS6#HJ8P
R-58]E\5+&:*?_XV?GV2UP.O_&M8?UV?7U'@Z'^[^BPGG:^@ZV
MG/I3@\4H84
@6 HX


7);5G!LH-2+#
I5BA1H8SOLC6
1^
M-[P-NN/98(S-(;C+AD -#DPI;)4PC+7.&1HK$ P%.WS^3OF5!W3TAQRF^^

M%E

9FWY=-3AP.05_
MH(VJM6P *?M3JN_-MJ295VJLH[H#;%Z9)093 G7!#!E2?ABYG,D*)6;1*(;C
M@QQI8VL$AQYHJS?J,YXQ_^;SB \B/2C27HT1*AC4N7$?^(_H)Z+!5IZE?0B
(K

.5M W5F*HN


M[&E?4NA
XLH5035M4H+(&[EEY&WD.ZM6L&<Y2-[%GT)

MGF5GTELB$492T9@*Q+ID

MT)#]6#@%.0T-DCSZL8OA$.;;L(M'




[RL(/=_E'WLM[J

_






M@A=
B3SO?S?X8B^=:-O=)?V4





M4R4D\RR)T

(A]C3+%P2DU+%T4YS&4T&0I Z/8:YS^1
MCXG9

JQA0.OQ

^.#B88UU=7D(Y0J O.JW
*M*D!:O(



G
T8%

0&BW4
U'5#U

MQZ^3K:)R$NF]H:S3KK7E$]-


M4*#N_L84+FR[
]R%(VK.94U5)6OM0$3'#0I1/E_8=XN;'H8
G'#H2*4?5CY0


[

MF&&




MX62!* WQR61ZHY 1JZ:86@?KXDAK4.?I91G4N &R!K#?


M-G3.-]
_O2WT/?\(F//22-O7RDW5SJ\=1C'7@8W)!E9D90-F.H
GR%24&I



MN&@NR.S\Q*ZJ0K3D&.WJ&9KJG
I

MS]H7*R/]9O\$V

MI&M?G&^3=
\BL OM)W(]RFOH/3L:+WJ](SGDV]UB#?'YF65KTE5=&9Z0;+CL

[\/;M'-).#3+:0W<%PGE?!+70]4C 7?
MDV+ $U5C5;?9=&MPJE4#!HG^


M96V?2SL:RJKNH#J%N!L'21FX%J=I31.TJ28H
.YM+@OUX-M@6.Z#*SMFK-



MZ8SS5$^1E#2



@:VR%U'0F&%'PT=W(VGA_YHX\/7N64
M




[1G:]&'<_[<81'CQ_:/QK6&-4HVLDZORT'H$0QK_:Q3&



CH)YH
0:!CV K$!/N1^%/A6?V9
CX\VOCC$!(9SK#(Z$!8K/.E(5FM42)@!X


)_@81!W+R
D

1:T4
O\#8WYNMNRAK#_O'OB&?H.EZH&<X139A=WEMT=MDRD5.!)=L\'T<H#
MKR]/_7 L




^T5 LL*1#?([!I& N_JA%Y\7U<H6[[^-OK75;L 7N02+8N=V4Y/B..


MQ(B'VW;XK%G1P7+4U+@X?M%TWNCNC63:I
)S





WL[NYZH2

M9D_BL!(D6\%ER3H4X0*:5'-CN2[5Y.RH!_Y:+OW_T_1/1%52;^3(6)U\@(
MW6(*




MUS+[

;=4)I0?ODQGK TNV6I9Q


/A&5HW7JHIF(ER3L7(6'7G!U'8S_@BIGPAA.&
M
=7XPX*!GF7?WP?B'L4'_-UI]*R)X[IHEH?(LB&Z_G!EPM'

$%
MIJNL LI_(FRPH=BPIP
^X/A1?C\.9U
M/'2XGN.-'TQ]*L/Y&Y Y\&AXX-&)$T56)+\(4/)*T*$P<G%DQC$M +^:.0
M8
FXGJI




M\-PC3 E_(@50





/^/23:EVF2]?6

MV(IW#5X28NUI6?L6-P')!M@OP)=S^W]K3:Q.X_;HL*X

M28D.K+?X)1QA
'RA1DMGBA7[)1S[*#3RX\7S.N^@#!XS
M?:ZU_IZBA0

N
6YIQQ]5HO\11&-EL




'*I@
SJYZ]\&8]\%
/@9


H$U=(;
M(Q&%YUIAC ')#L;VPCN1'^9GX01 6/:7 'MS^V1G
0X;R Y]C\YT0 :F





 *:_]IIY0
R

MSV-'GJI=B@]5O0.X$02D$XZ!IUPD&#F
'44PWO
$3XJIIX$/I\R$*^R.G!!]





M&2HEE&#-;SY^


M).)%$]Z#T5@JONZ
775Y?R#[ERK\%4YB^Z:3'.-QG/*%CW








M#

MW-EW?PKJX67W\LT[ZY

TO --A<\
M@;I4FC)@2L+\4XS)/?OM^OKNC6JZA@4O8%7&8DCA.*0VX01C9RH[DOED#,*#
MH!(-9%LRO+\)-,*?;]]_^8J-Y&R/'TY^HN9^*O1?V;A]+)@1JI9OF-LPL.-0
MFLFI-P.BHPUH



M*VO7HX(1/_


M

+'L5K+


MWAL&\#-0.!G@LML&JG_4(@G;LTM
$NA::U)J#@L.?B9
^'@( 0
1J@:V6F02

W72:K


M.Q[A\$6(J6#R

MVE@?#_K@8R]L[N'7-JE76J6MT4]$/^







M87DM
C R
#$R



&B@GW[\VU\1_)W\O=E$EY1X





MI.&S[./5P4T$'5/&U8)620XH IUR80RJCQ+1I(N:B*MGOT(IE!LV6
G;2+


H=A2[=&]Q0*J-2
A!6=+
MH
[GVW$_J(X[^B9G^%]UY&%*KB9W,SE.@P*2YK[BCP[_N]L^\M(CY!2YMU
M1_XNY
[#C'LN+'
O_HA@]#49*)&Q


#U-E
C/0V8&7;


M'-8;X?.MA^



-14O

M?!0(\TIF:[A.R(Z[N4V$?6+&I%HO**
H:[66;)IZNNPGG4C)QY!HB$%BKT



M
;;(:\.ZM6:E$
K-


M\A-L


M.\U&&&%+FM/R:DEK/GZ38%(6VM%9=E*


MX7YG!$2 Y]ORZ]L(#77K/-)=GB-$$8FE%KG-IS#L-*5^39@39B;0-6_)

M[+\33LI)R9NN*S-%P
_)A A!7$C
[B4J2=K9


LKA?_?
MO4G^(V?F(9D@=;_PL;PD]K014'F5=-)FPDR.6W(:V*;^A;7WZ!JK87O:1%I
MVG*_L**[B$92L#:!A6-8


)Z!WF9%\$J)?FAN=2NZH#U1O
5
*CR2Q7;

TP7E

6K&=SD(^@1U@
M_

Q3$5P*G(&RKO/F@#
RY
OQ\%7GTJK'%==-K%O;V8?I




74&+_9!WV4C=

M^YE/VKF'L'M
@R)Y1TMS=NYO_^)&'J!0LUQA

M/K

#(P
M
3(S


M^O'CQX/LV[)HI^3[


MV%^3LMB$?329'DV.I_OOL;]7&C^S(



+]BW'O$JKZTHSPVU9.)2]B(@ZUR((1+?

ERB*U4U.4+P7


+2*L97

+]BP&VCIRJ[RBO

XKH&+01

H (_K
M]=@
/FD&#N4:+
82&6[R#7@-L66PS!?_\RKATNLP&71#0=?NNGQDPGMNZ*5A



I1/#'4JBJ76X%/L-5&I
M'U /KU(J&$JG1E&Z&T=6.WU;2HR;6UARJY]E


!$NIM]C?/6(P%!3F9'GV

V):'I69L:
M**#NUF$F3K32A8E7UF3


MTM;%\C_@*%-/=6:G4])TO 

&-X1U&#X1&JBE9 7I4[RRID

$9B13F83$QO416C/P05
M;F'3 0X8%HFJUO656@AV'ODZD8Z:TG3( -5-O'[2QU;B**L-.OJI\@:*U/SY
MH*TEG7%]&^-@.3]-9..4^3'\E+GS78/?7X8[':]()]E0X$2FP)J1@V=.C97)


E-.^_MX./9PCHH?R$X9C?<9K))4Z.0Z3[%D9@+

MI-4

^T8H+CP];
.AO
%)DGPSTSQNYDHNS1GH5]!
M9WJA$@H33'_K8*O4RS?#6(4@,NN%[;&OW4U:'LXSE!LY8(*75QZ[0N%+S%
M$6[JI739$A*SM]0007&B%+]3T'1744+0O0; T]2^MO6+&T2LE]Q%CVZ(V!
;
MM6L9U9T
21 'I#?M&'0!U+.+?8
3.Z2V@=]0T9F.*71AA-G!.OA8EC(W9#G*


1FV!G]\.2ATC68=P
M]6S %2:7.'U.9FE8WK07(RNG


M0%
W!36
 0SAC[N%L%X.:^NP+E*EEYD
NG3=:'\0

MUKA-QNR*%(BWQ:M.8/M8%WES)6]EFM
$MT

M 4.(G

MD1MYVX4A7!X6C%U7F#R@94J\%QK2W\UJN:?58Y:
UM*01 *E8*Q2&\B^
8H*

B^\'&QE?J2ME^







V2Q=BR/PISORM^&?@$%&0^L=.5
M LTZ@UXMU+Q3AIK.=SGO 55LQIPR53HC)B?R'$%@60@J$[\SEH(T1$4DD2D
M
GTZXZTR+AU!EU: *I._
_YRPM01)



M:C0S

G46(40

MNG47\M!(2&*L VT-E-(.%D5'@%#B:JT*/XKH+/UJ11$Y^VRQQA]OS5T:^776

MAH!





Z@NX%9[F-
M=@7I?-? __]4F: .S



MB;0)36\:;(


ML8!^T8F3&FIW4X9+U*YSSA9

HZVUE)_U +8$ZVZ9


C R
#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM

';B/-JF
]V+/ ?&IDW@I+V[^\5@)-K65!:]
ME)3'_/5+ZF%+EOB0+8I4XJ)H$YL\_)V'R
-S#JG?__$R]ZPGB 
7^5_V!OV#




=N)^#F)
;9(
P-D4A(HO9@O[6





 S(
%(/)Z=+






$LMFM&9;S%7=I5J$.D11?G 9!EK2%'ITA+@;LC




/L)WA

;T9(8#MZA#W')0:2N%GI0'D!+:FX?KA/FNZG;?8K

@SS)_P +
M%/QFI913=C*&/&07N/!H&3+E9-+/E,0/ 8SPQ1T)LL-BGGL0^]
(@^R3V
M+7H'@[3N^&_IQ^


*EG5H*3%UNFM#?EQ!]N+*V%IUMT9U6.F(BG16


MX78;5\W:AJE)S !S2=*KL!$-1/K0N0+8=_UI(-)4=?MQU9QLF(HXR)DKC5[=
MQ&'OX#8*XY/2!#/'TUYO.OZ@1R/RVZ%*Q!U8:!+@D@M-TMAX9; P

M5E2G:@NZWM9X93 @



+1!K2-H=65Y4M8HFEZP_Z=;TJG*@P




MQP*T7RCI)8!F1N0O@'Z_A/^E9&) :^(F-E=!1A9UV35
![N([W0]]*.UJK

M'=.RBL14



BZF .FL7


D9ERP3I?F30[BM6X=:@)[C+/&
M(VB[\ZFDS8JM-$4=MOT4





M7
(%AK8;)^?)SQZ




MO5?-;.GJK5K
)N3CPTW.+N.RR[B\V8S+[G#3[G#3!FK='6ZJ=A!VAYM
R^;L

F-^F[URJ/BQ@0?2Z9URYPO@N<-[$-Q-!Q

4X;A


;*7WNJVIJ]

M*?H:%Q'&]&PIPA@]4T\$+
@WX2M[GJI#96QZ
6YM9LP

DZ$
M


@7Y] G@[$47#K\R.
Z3SE6\F-*NTW^



M*BU5-MPZP([:M1XY
6V]VY'-W*







M;U'K([X?PZKFW
RXPID7$X=.-?-7+_1'3L95KK_YNJ_#!].#TZI)QAN



MF7+0F7+7&\!+RP+3X!3-BN4K!(/SU]1&.=EV:1(&ZW S5I@ZS07KVCQDEE0)










V&22EU=
CN(BP
M/0


TWOGO7P&DMTU]CC7P'21[_D'-X-UD8%)Q?QL\@


[%*R_7A/WQAOZK!Q&_%K2KQ%$#DIG01&#^!=XQ

M\LK!E2[)+-3 


<
MW.G2R4H1#--<T Y)VCDB&JCN*

MQ

M _$\P;
\QT5^MODQ^'M&SI
@U^W;.5F8DHDC7.L2TT$=#$_=
0]I6UDXY2;0

M.S.4D

SPFY.=3^4!OLAQH/6W/=3HHR)_BM6%0
MI].8=$QGAMX;TJG%O5/3'J.2@ST581[)$&$V2%E/;-$L6F/.LA!]L\Y]&7

@6+L:/BQ^\2[W*R*I


8
I^'3*B_:F*#66WB_2LK)P9[6%H=[X1S
M!K9R]JJ(::'6C58H]X@P?D]?L9IB3]C_=:[0G;2T:\.;F\$+!
$PRH=NB&5



T(38P 51(PEJQ$%[LBQYCM-EWQO#




=$L
(HRTYWY4\#;'OD;









M3



F8HTH+E[I#X

M&0J8?6H
A !Q0XY
08Y:&'%I1
6]T.


Z F!HH(




%%42/K

M%- RN2V+O A2]AQNDEHE2:.-18.#*.1@




5G[W/
@U0
8Z+W$##H=D
KDY;!3!L,X%K<!JL3S?(;L'WBK#H.08BJ!S[B0+Q[8J?A-ZBUR=VV
J#


MY$DQ5T

MH/&3S5_6;
5-/1+2JTS;P9G!]WLVM3R8F&

M4I0!NXGLU;?Q\NGXG;QA?;;K$$HBL.@,R7=K.!W^:95 $,X&Y3\P6-#DJ8
M$B)





MUQ-CK-

ME9SXDI\*ZN!2WU 




M&@7?=.L#-U&MD@9-LQY$6XI52[APZ:5^
ME:RS?1%(\F6ZJ IISYV605[[+]

*@B&5#IW]CA4X!EF.R+0:GMAD
Q;3B$-DEN4H
MK
\OH$






<$)M+NL'KQ2.
M#84F/8DH!=@[A=B3 -.I2&$)5]8J(6!IM3[A%),@H7WA+%K%:<PFH.QY13U+
MC%J3QA [%WIQ1:\AEAV.(704VGQ4UI!3P\&YV:KC!3Q/_DPZG8Q3!2N* J3




W-23K\.^

'^1RL1G9X


M8CG:F))^H]SKDM+) !BJCD$])'!C P65$91R*VS94))9^Q1Q6Z!)73=)VVO&



D[9I(&.J1*6:+9)J0&#-[W'


MCL1I&*\3_OKN[4+


MRM+D#Y:





$]P;MSYF

QOF';7*++.LTS;!HN
ZK<%&#PR['<!J'Q3@Z7H[.C#X

MY3102DUV


X









MG 9IN(=E JTA 


MO&U/


KZ0.X)0.<C [PC;<-!ME83(NCW.MY;;.@SN
8ZLPX===W1MAE:
MO+.J49CTM50C\-Z;ITII
&PS0E0D16(#YD8#7+!\B.D
81&'[ :(X)\I0-HJ
M3[JEZN10;T?52A

'9W@BONIJU7 7CI:H(X=)&$L#)JV#SI=Q'F89'E)L#$'

7CYBXQ8














?
M_=::^0FZ(UE4ALU259D7=%1


^<<L

ME2 

IY
9MG9?$IB]/E.:LP8LRLY6)@

Z0Q:MI; &V%H;!SGO\C-


ZBF716BF#XYX)6^NP
/Q?*_M%1AT'(-A.3
KRTIFR/N(\PT
M-$S8<173\2:^B9]Q5/FH;*)&O8F?:K-S8_!XFUX)4$T0RI&1I!Y5*ZF/#W
M6W_$ 5LNW+8HNP#IH#\E9W=ZI+16AD

M46U4O:.'N!48S/N
7SJOD9 LI?\

MW




1Z=Z

=:ZA*_O%GC9O#%NOVL 6&==BB
MV]HBO-ANX@\[#N?PZ63-5S0=X;(JN#J8 L/RW?#KJ+_LOIT3M\9/$V:=_J$=
M202 #H%LB^-J;PW!P9*?1N#LJKP!6)L!2'Y7[#KB9\43)O )+K[@XLAKLP$_
M=+9U3,YBDS9 \EIUHV383[)(\NRWWBY^3$H2D+_:\7:499\OY1@Z:KI^02#
9RE:9&QP BU[]-;C
MR\4A^Q06NON?5#PZZII2%LN/W7FV [&F/33$



=)=P\M/#_)255\HU_

M?Y6=3_!V

Z?T
M)XK(88DS#]H_T&H)@Z2;I@94E% ?J6IXM




M\\K
^::JGCV8WM22NZS.'HLWH=A.,3?HS=6^G81CD3SVF;J2PC5EOH\NZ!


ROJ]:1HJ7#+ N]N[9+^&8 LYS
M%&R_@:+.1Z =

2K#GC )4Z4('IM099TQY)$.'/P4JS



*X3='12T=3IVA4%8J$WZ8-GMF[T

M'5T

4YTAB^E

M+^RQY6!-?RDVB@)Q

*7

M:'N/5T'
[A;N

#)@2AS\3HM


M


WDH<%

[T@S6L&BH2*
CXK]D#IF]\X7&M7T

MLWM/7\\KT6_0(B

=ZS9*]#;#5IV0V


(6OG[
TPE$9%BS=F7XGVLD
M  ;K7+-@KTP=.G,UF.6I[M:8K(*4G9F(X@4=@V):V+'.3(7N2^[EU1M!BAU






M#W&=K?CGI]%%



MJX^C=#?0Z3\WCK/+U?K)-O@WL^V!;CC1[SR?2\%I&T2.WT!;JO9AUN2.1\I
M0=Z]'N_^WLOS6!K,?AO'&V@(M+343I.^4/21T#[Z_29@LV(ZF4GG8)7V@K
QW
M141UK44N9Y
NOLHQOP#'HGS&5NO\7)1KZ3I@-52ALK!RIF@02C?
TAQT=\W


R+&^Q86)@M4W8P[+&] *U:$U5*3\D[ ^0NS12BD[**$B?.



0
M%T
.Y:1P3&%=#U6W\F 74'8MDT]4D


PCA7CM'&&)JT
M;8QVM



SDTX&'(5WGL%II@CFCV
R.\IM[&



M;*[3O EWSC@8$?GX*T+K[/6?J

P15??O'T7'.[98]](1NW[\39V5


7T
M\4V=*W

M:_!

BN(YB!.V

M6N'P6V^N

#8X





M)YE.FH (UG7%@6)
[5A(UL$ZAF;?^:+9%2VD41Y7BG!(UG7$GF-
ZT@HUH$Z

YTU
N6R+?9(IF0F
]Y8.I01VF=+QPV!O/)A4
M)U2N

M*0:R-UFZ+#!958?
^'KR-:5O6L3/TEF27GZR8:L-[':TJA/VSDQ;A$
2
953
MIH


TQ)?T3\VR:Q^CHNG\S(OLA4FEZ]A
M4K(;$+

M1TCL#W2\HQKQZU6FC.\VX+MTU


%*=23^

M8



DL(2D/Y60

RWB_
G=K/H.IV%(1N


M
-X%D0B5&N+&$+6&N#G4_E ;1!V+/FJ?CK
8916UVOL55FW)H UKH9;Q4:Z?
MLBQZB9/D@5;]-9W$+NC
ML W-#)T.204N)T:K)IPPCRLHD:9;U#'K?9IPM39

MY?6YZ=5F :@J#W4+%U1UV@-VNV?T$A=/=/; 5L$WU :P^MOQKNNQU. 0L5L5


M




J
G;Q1TJ3:#J%SV

%CC3
$YB

MH[EC%W'#)Z@Z9^NCYEOPVY*@R6E,8O^7N8%/\TG,F4%5A
V
6%71G1

@81M&
QB2<406^<-JKE(W!KP44

*6^18[M\V/\GDZJ

M+!@#77(0ANTA;(V@OA4 *]GM

*BY5;4=Q3J0#&4.
RBMBEC3T7;V]M6
C4)5_OAGS-Q'W-/NG\
M&-/2D)W#58@ *G85,LDB )=KN.ZIK#]G:=8GBJ;4E<* RM^,47(:.A/X7ROY
M:P)-FVWRV\9I2?'5#96EC<:+C&QW0EDNC8($&8GB- ;OFG-SH.SA!M9DO#
MJ @G;TX'^QP@:DSAI=C,._$4L4I&VP^C[9?1G'^ZLQO-5E'Z'T/-UWQ-0'D





7VLW_;Y&1?G0?YT1]A%(!R=;;[PZ]'M
MAN2



M[-
U6[46H/IT *M]W6:KS(Y


AE*]A@1
M_0_KG9^#A-]WY=O6PUF7K(9=] '5\2C8PH%S5L-L7

M0;4AL#'DR[1!U2/5C#%E8!:4CVC

:/ISC/X4

MV?_J)#AJ=E6^KFU_XS_S8WN/.PRK][]P=('7!(=5_B7Z[P2S?]#&
EMEI(C_
MR?_NM$BQ+]N *+1WEX2+\]L/H.X73E#[#1Y\NE\Y@;D$TF138&_4Q71BT7&M
M^A/#IKKD8ZT





MV+.H4&JF$VYM*ZFO KF^%$AMJ\Y3';%Q2_

MY7E]-!JP*J
YX9+?X[Q
V$H0RRQT1^*


M*'L_U4^59(G_6(.^?
4DC*E34H8Y6P$4I'8 ?TB.-%_+^35H#NE(@]151A8X



M_YSQVVDX.L (T?7C;X'?HWT^ 
/K=S Z8.KL* 6%L^5_B\CW:/-@9?X3=^\@
MPPO';[^%

 %0   &QW87DM
C R
#$R

MZV_D.)+G]P/N?]#5XA:SP-A5=G5U=_7
W

M*

KNR2_.)](2)@;4_87YU<W2,0O]-(/'/.




MM^)O;SD^R9*$\4DXNPAC/WX58+%ERBOG/R7VR


WF



M

BWK-%WXFG']N?*!Y'-A]&%;)
M(H6$SRZSQ

_.SCZJ!^8U7;#0*9:W
&N@@F1+;HX
M]RY?U@9R=*JT1G!W8
RJ^HSN^L!8A%






2V6(:KO .M
8X
5EGP/_LDG'L3
M(J

_^ATH6\Q(3O==;[ B%%O]0C_K




M+6;.Z%*FLUP_5

MF #N.=UV-5=; +5[C*'=-EE0E7I#F$_YS#P3:;]J[=:: M7\'E/-K=*AZ/N$
MLS
3+%T&[J)=S[4F0/W^@*'?5FE0]'J6




(5:%:-/S7MPWV/_
@UG ;#!)1[4!#E'\1:6W\'^(NRY,;$%'B(#YS&7OE^YNT
M[)4<'6!WM#P&$!TBT@V@9A?[XINB4<XPP]\J22QW#$NE*+LA983T0$RB/QV

M)K64PY2]F


M%=Y^&M

+54NI?B4VF+E]C4$QAI;7]L

08$= 8F:;C2

M2&W'&*M&P L!7[_2T-

MCA;PZ DD4#-VP)A&9LH
0@:CH@\4O-$)7U'H58?=N!68A'DJ,1&2W$
=P&

*.-\4\D3*L

MASUS5W[L*LZII1V@R(P6$C%&1B.['0#=

M146




'U21P@TAA\Z=$BGLND1KQB#5'B0=4 _7GDB8D$MNCR*5
M2/#SFQ\_%F_=KF^QBC -_Y]X5%MUVM:!&'9 0P-CX^BML[YLF3VC^'HN+B6G

EZO9:,X8M;TPPY_F$$&TX(=B*TO0N;VIJ4U&R*




G:8]\%Z@*36G8[\#$(-_2YF3PV*HT]
M0-U+ P0+S$+L*\)\.N

L!@_T%Z9NS-9@2M6T=B:%4N'I$+4O@F-S9!NJVR
MM.B CE)=*Q*=Z?3^$Y.L[!$;_\?I:5,_:?R-5RY7KQ]?SLT0T7YK
R_WQ

IO'VDLVJ%%/:9E1HY3YA@.+.N=.HI



M
2TK4.T7T3+!U



M






MYOU-Q5QK4W\[0B)Q=@0TS-T5)2WT6NG#W5X!Z
) (<


M+(27E&TJF7'Q-P\+Z%T'55\HIMN^Z@P!J-UET&MJ^JX%S7EGO!?DA$@1(N
MA.HE5T47J V







MX^


;F47UL?CAT
)3_N^/@)_.G32UI@/ACW$)LN@K#WJFV</








3$;27 2R..I'9_Z
:!)_(F*)]YHZ!$&N7UE0@/Z-)DUX)DKR Y@



8K;IDAS$


5E%9#R!FHU6)



IN]VG
M_W0MG$MN%3?[5I;W\WY
M4T;[NS^]E0R\.^^1S)+R(YCE*%)Q?CG[%I%Y$HBP0H:5;BSV)SN9\]YAQ!UU






M;FD07%+V[+*9^5 WIXE]K;#/:.^J07SW7E/Q4^'ROV_61@+5_;1A([ O *J8




M7S.V 04^E
D5_U=%*;RVMG:@T6Y+
@1*[*]#BK@H2-
;3U_O^;=/7GP%+*#.


MB*H[? !=V ':]9S[Y@0




MS^'DE4\4

]2T91I90-] ?LD!FP 0RO5/
K\
0OQ
MAF0AF
#/&%+%FCM

MFX#GE
ME


5WC8R-(&B^@-[8Q=U* 70:CC Z[?.+2Q?NVEWB


=W7F9MTG;G1
M=@RVUIF3:+A2+FK]G&NY%%'%#U8BT9$6=KK. (CUTJ(=P;E]62[)23=262YC



Y]]]\$/TD(H9PEC
V$4&AC
MWXZ\@BIGNN2!]M9V $W)R485I7SN5/-'CBWGZ51]WIEZ8;]KY596,U;$ *
ML,-O%@OA57IE.VDI9R^VMK:

\
=03!$C^D[R''8#(S4H)RC82

9;K0#T?UTYJ?#YVLFQ5)0ADK

S=QO#XEE4T
M/80O::*JD6Y,7NS
UH[<PPGN
M:JN&HGW06M)\$GL5I:AV.#15%G\C_N)1W'!\XK\NR#K@F/[QGKEXOC)G-(D

Z0%06$M^I

)4]2LQ


(Y)6R7?U28*]J:
M'-9WCUR!IVY$9F=T*7Y)6ZI/


MH\?8'#AF:DF&^L5\3CR1EUH)[53MNW.X;1#B4)NQ:/L]H%+M6+PA IE'VOI1
MA=J%1?OU(=0X'8

M.F7WNGB'W



KS!WQ
M$I:V

M]XG1R

8P&

)EH+5-+I;KF[V5'U@/ CHLQMZ




[Y?B5RL&X2S]

M?IRT
AM_;

JWJ=5C)Y1OF:'#;3:;WWX

$9E(T742
M1[$;BKN*7Q.-'0S_*70[DKH2IC-!5S7OQNE)7_5\X@W%L4 6U1W/!.O?P=YY



L$;


SD;E5)W@A


F6\*G?%\_IIGZ+
M[D*-I#GZ98CM7:I1*LRB35.7O:%X-Y^O0JYA$FJM;2(]/VC&^9._5<:/G'Y


HNSZQ_IH.7TQ3K'
P


M'_Y8?/!61*O5YV[55A/2?)5Q.T[=H.=E=IYTM1F
1.D#'5%)GHVZ7H;^0Q+Q
MGS](SYM$PY9VV
%^]1&1A.EA0I@290J.^&\_*359;X1]I5ROQG:QQM7A1X@.

J_%.M'8DXTKBS-R2F/


B9V/1K+CO^MY

RI=MA
M6B=!2IS



$65^Z(?J0\$1UD3.^Z

-%S%AR^SB1;H%O0H]



1\G:+2)W1#^J*EC&CUF;3






M=-E
R3J9[5AA$4-=^$%.PU#7$-'
;8?)1!KL+5DES'MT([)B=

M?FC$Q]X?.BD]9T/P)B-8A





(.X(H7CM*+NP77U_-L
MJRK'3--M

M 7C-  !L=V%Y+3(P
C Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      -2'E2#Z-0

#(P
3(S
5]L86(N

M*#@! &QW87DM
C R
#$R



