

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-19-001051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				363442829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17363
		FILM NUMBER:		19749293
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-967-1010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIFEWAY FOODS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703









     








Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) 



 2018



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
(Name of registrant as specified in its
charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    


6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois
60053
(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)


(Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:



    
    

    
    

Common Stock
 No Par Value
    


Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
o

Indicate
o

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
&thorn;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


    
    
    
    
    


Indicate
o


and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of
June 30
 2018 ($5.03 per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market) was $22
411
859.

 2019
 15
762
801 shares
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 no par value
 were outstanding.

Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 20
 2019
 are incorporated by reference into Part III.




    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    





the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 readers are advised that this
document
 any document incorporated by reference herein
 and other documents we file with the SEC
 contain forward looking statements.
In addition
 we
 or others on our behalf
 may make forward looking statements in press releases or written statements
 or in our
communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings
 webcasts
 phone calls
and conference calls. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results
to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements. These statements use words
 variations of words
 and
negatives of words such as &quot;may
&quot; &quot;could
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;depend
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot;
&quot;will
&quot; &quot;result
&quot; &quot;can
&quot; &quot;remain
&quot; &quot;assurance
&quot; &quot;subject to
&quot; &quot;require
&quot;
&quot;limit
&quot; &quot;impose
&quot; &quot;guarantee
&quot; &quot;restrict
&quot; &quot;continue
&quot; &quot;become
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot;
&quot;likely
&quot; &quot;opportunities
&quot; &quot;effect
&quot; &quot;change
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot;
and &quot;estimate.&quot; Examples of forward looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 (i) projections of revenues
income or loss
 earnings or losses per share
 capital expenditures
 dividends
 capital structure and other financial items
 (ii)
statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;)
plans and objectives
 including the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers
 suppliers
competitors or regulatory authorities
 (iii) statements of future economic performance
 and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying
other statements and statements about Lifeway or its business.


on management&rsquo;s beliefs
 assumptions
 estimates and observations of future events based on information available to our management
at the time the statements are made and include any statements that do not relate to any historical or current fact. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed
 implied or forecast by our forward looking statements
due in part to the risks
 uncertainties
 and assumptions that include



    
The actions of our competitors and customers
 including those related to price competition;





    
    




    
    





    
    




    
    




    
disruptions to our supply chain
 or our manufacturing and distribution capabilities
 including those due
to cybersecurity threats; and





    
the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1
 &ldquo;Business&rdquo;
 Item 1A &ldquo;Risk
Factors&rdquo; and Item 7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo;
and that are described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.




not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of
our forward looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results.
We intend these forward looking statements to speak only at the date made. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic
reports required to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) pursuant to the
SEC&rsquo;s rules
 we have no duty to update these statements
 and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.






    
    









and Ludmila Smolyansky shortly after their emigration from Russia to the United States. Mr. and Mrs. Smolyansky were the first
to successfully introduce kefir to the U.S. consumer on a commercial scale
 initially catering to ethnic consumers in the Chicago
Illinois metropolitan area. In the over thirty years that have followed
 Lifeway has grown to become the largest producer and marketer
of kefir in the U.S. and an important player in the broader market spaces of probiotic-based products and natural
 &ldquo;better
for you&rdquo; foods.




a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive blend
of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 15 to 20 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming Units)
at the time of manufacture.


our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2018
 Lifeway
offered approximately 20 varieties of our kefir products including more than 60 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir
products
 we offer several lines of products developed through our innovation and development efforts. These include Kefir Cups
a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in
resealable 5 oz. containers. We also offer Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt; Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic beverage
made from organic and non-GMO pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures; a line of probiotic supplements for adults and children;
and a soft serve kefir mix.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable and frozen formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.



as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
78
523
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
486
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
276
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
527
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
836
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
138
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
795
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
537
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
661
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
103
350
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
893
    
    
    
    
    




    
    







    
    


Product innovation and new product
development


positions as the leading producer of kefir and a recognized leader in the market for probiotic products. We routinely evaluate
opportunities for new product flavors and formulations
 improved package design
 new product configurations and other innovation
opportunities. Beyond our core drinkable kefir products
 we have an ongoing effort to extend the strength of the Lifeway brand
and leverage the capabilities of the Lifeway organization into categories both inside and outside of the dairy aisle
 including
into non-food categories and into additional channels
 such as gyms and fitness studios. In 2018
 we continued to focus relatively
more of our personnel
 financial resources
 and management attention on product innovations
 packaging innovations
 and growth
opportunities than in prior years. As noted above
 these product innovation and development efforts have led to additional revenue
opportunities from our cupped kefir and cupped cheese
 probiotic supplements
 and non-dairy based probiotic beverage lines like
Plantiful. We expect that these efforts will continue to diversify our revenue sources in 2019. New items introduced or expanded
through our innovation efforts were offset by lower volumes of our core drinkable kefir products in 2018.


of new products to be a significant part of our overall business philosophy. Where possible
 we leverage our existing staff and
facilities to conduct our innovation
 research
 and development efforts
 rather than maintaining a dedicated research and development
staff and facilities or relying solely on third parties.






 approximately 98%
of our revenue was derived from products manufactured at our own facilities. We currently operate the following manufacturing and
distribution facilities:



    
    
Morton Grove
 Illinois
 which produces drinkable kefir
 drinkable ProBugs kefir
 Kefir Cups
 and cheese products;





    
    
Waukesha
 Wisconsin
 which produces drinkable kefir products and from which we store and distribute products;




    
    
Niles
 Illinois
 which stores and serves as a distribution point for products
 including those manufactured by co-packers;




    
    
Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 which produces drinkable kefir
 cheese
 and butter products.



and all our fixed assets associated with manufacturing
 storage
 and distribution of our products are located in the United States.




in our own facilities
 independent manufacturers (&ldquo;co-packers&rdquo;) manufacture some of our products. We have co-packer
agreements to manufacture drinkable kefir in European markets our frozen kefir products
 and our probiotic supplements. During&nbsp;2018
and 2017
 approximately 2% of our revenue was derived from products manufactured by co-packers. Our co-packers are audited regularly
by our staff and are required to follow our specifications and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). Additionally
 the co-packers
are required to ensure our products are manufactured in accordance with our quality and safety specifications and that they are
compliant with all applicable laws and regulations.





    
    







our direct sales force
 brokers
 and distributors. Our sales organization strives to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships
with our customers that facilitate favorable shelf placement for our products
 which we believe will drive sales volumes when combined
with our marketing efforts and our brand strength. Our relationships with food brokers provide additional retail customer coverage
as a supplement to our direct sales force.

Distribution inside the United
States


through four primary &ldquo;route-to-market&rdquo; pathways:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we sell
our products to the retailer that either the retailer&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers for
delivery to those retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. In turn
 our retailers then deliver the products to their respective stores.
Customers in this route-to-market grouping include Kroger
 Walmart and Costco. Under the retail direct model
 optimal product merchandising
assortments and product presentation are attended to by the retailer with limited support from Lifeway&rsquo;s broker network.
Sales to our retail-direct customers represent approximately 50% of our total net sales for the year ended 2018.


 we sell
our products to distributors that either the distributor&rsquo;s carrier picks up or Lifeway ships through third party carriers
for delivery to those distributors&rsquo; designated warehouses. In turn
 our distributors then sell and ship our products to their
retail customers. Our distributors often use a DSD model of their own to make deliveries directly to individual stores
 but they
also make deliveries to retailers&rsquo; distribution centers. Our distributor customers include United Natural Foods (UNFI)
 KeHE
Distributors
 and C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers. The distributor attends to optimal product merchandising
 assortments
 and product
presentations at the retail end of the channel
 with support from Lifeway&rsquo;s direct sales force and broker network. Sales
to our distributor customers represent approximately 44% of our total net sales for year ended 2018.


to market
 we distribute our products directly to the retailer using a fleet of Company-owned vehicles and a team of Lifeway merchandisers
who engage face-to-face with store management to ensure optimal product assortments and presentations. We operate our DSD model
in the Chicago
 Illinois metropolitan area only. Sales to our DSD customers represent approximately 4% of our total net sales for
the year ended 2018.


 Illinois metropolitan area
Lifeway operates three retail stores and a food truck under its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary. The Lifeway Kefir Shop sells its
frozen and drinkable kefir products
 as well as certain Lifeway products
 through these retail outlets. Sales through these retail
outlets represent less than 1% of net sales for the year ended 2018.

.



are distributed within the United States; however
 certain of our distributors sell our products to retailers in Mexico
 Costa
Rica
 portions of South America
 and the Caribbean. Additionally
 Lifeway products reach consumers in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
Norway
 Sweden
 and the Middle East under third party co-manufacturing agreements and in-country broker and distributor arrangements.
Sales outside the United States represents less than 1% of net sales for the year ended 2018.





    
    


Channel- and Market-Specific Distribution and Broker
Representation Arrangements


agreements with independent distributors and food brokers allow us the latitude to establish new relationships as the opportunities
and needs arise. Where appropriate given the relationship
 market
 and business opportunity
 we offer exclusive channels
 markets
and/or territories to our distributors and brokers.


with products at wholesale prices for distribution to their retail accounts. Lifeway believes that the prices at which we sell
our products to distributors are competitive with the prices generally paid by distributors for similar products in the markets
served. Due to the perishable nature of our products and the costs associated with moving product back through the channel
 we
do not offer return privileges to any of our distributors or channel customers; however
 from time to time we do provide our customers
with allowances for non-saleable product.


basis
 subject in some cases to a minimum commission guarantee. The commissions vary based on the scope of services provided and
customers served. Our brokers represent our products to a variety of prospective buyers. These buyers could be specialty stores
retail grocery chains
 wholesalers
 foodservice operators and distributors
 drug chains
 mass merchandisers
 industrial users
schools and universities
 or military installations. With support from our direct sales force
 brokers may provide other value-added
services. These may include scheduling and coordinating promotions
 merchandising
 centralized ordering
 and data collection services.




trade promotions
 and consumer promotions to market our products.

Sales Incentives and Trade Promotion
Allowances


and trade promotional programs to its retailer and distributor customers from time to time in the normal course of business. These
sales incentives and trade promotion programs typically include rebates
 in-store display and demo allowances
 allowances for non-saleable
product
 coupons
 and other trade promotional activities. Trade promotions support price features
 displays
 and other merchandising
of our products by our retail and distributor customers. We record these arrangements as a reduction to net sales in our consolidated
statements of operations.

Consumer Promotions and Marketing
Campaigns


of marketing and media campaigns - primarily digital and social media
 print advertising in some newspapers and magazines
 and
to a lesser extent
 targeted television advertising. We complement these marketing and media efforts by sponsoring cultural and
community events
 and various festivals
 as well as participating in industry-related trade shows and in-store promotional events.
Our consumer marketing efforts also include cooperative advertising programs with our retail customers and various couponing campaigns
online consumer relationship programs
 and other similar forms of promotions.


demand with new and existing consumers by elevating awareness and consumption of kefir and probiotics
 as well as enhancing our
brand equity. Our awareness marketing seeks to promote the verifiable nutritional profile
 purity
 benefits
 and good taste of
our kefir.




of other domestic kefir producers and consequently faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products. However
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
kefir-based products compete with other dairy products
 notably spoonable and drinkable yogurt
 and
 increasingly
 with non-dairy
probiotic products that incorporate kefir cultures but are not kefir. Many of our competitors are well-established and have significantly
greater financial resources than Lifeway to promote their products.





    
    





milk
 pectin
 and fruit purees from unaffiliated suppliers. In addition
 we purchase significant quantities of packaging materials
to package our products and natural gas and electricity to operate our facilities. Purchases are made through purchase orders or
contracts
 and price
 delivery terms
 and product specifications vary. Although the prices for our principal inputs can fluctuate
based on economic
 weather
 and other conditions
 Lifeway believes it has ready access to multiple suppliers for all ingredient
packaging
 and other input requirements.




 2018
two customers
 United Natural Foods
 Inc. (UNFI) and one other customer 
 represented approximately 12% and 9% of our total net
accounts
receivable as of December 31
 2018.




reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing Company performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating
Officer
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues
relate to the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers
through a common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.




 Danone SA
 through
subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Danone&rdquo;)
 has been the beneficial owner of approximately 22% of the outstanding common
stock of Lifeway. Lifeway and Danone are parties to a Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999
 which as amended provides
Danone the right to designate one director nominee
 provides Danone with anti-dilutive rights relating to certain future offerings
and issuances of capital stock
 and grants Danone limited registration rights.




domestic and international trademarks and service marks. In addition
 we own numerous registered and unregistered copyrights
registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 trade dress
 technology
 know-how
 processes
 and other proprietary
rights that are not registered. Depending on the jurisdiction
 trademarks are generally valid as long as they are in use
and/or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have become generic. Registrations of
trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. We also have licenses to use
certain trademarks inside and outside of the United States and to certain product formulas
 all subject to the terms of the
agreements under which such licenses are granted. Lifeway&rsquo;s policy is to pursue registration of intellectual property
whenever appropriate. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
 trade
dress
 trade secret and other intellectual property laws
 and domain name dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing
agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements; and by policing third-party misuses of our
intellectual property. We regard the Lifeway family of trademarks and other intellectual property as having substantial value
and as being an important factor in the marketing of our products. The loss of such protection would have a material adverse
impact on our operations and share price.




by federal
 state
 and local governmental authorities. In the United States
 agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing
 and
distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 the United States Food &amp;
Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (&ldquo;EPA&rdquo;)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;)
 and their state
and local equivalents. Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for
quality
 safety
 and representation of our products to consumers. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating
to our products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
 we rely on third
parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Additionally
 our facilities are subject to various
laws and regulations regarding the release of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways.





    
    



 we are subject to the
laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food
Standards Agency in the United Kingdom; the National Service of Health
 Food Safety and Agro-Food Quality (known by its Spanish-language
acronym &ldquo;SENASICA&rdquo;) and the Federal Commission for the Protection from Sanitary Risks (&ldquo;COFEPRIS&rdquo;) in Mexico;
the Food Safety Authority in Ireland; and the European Food Safety Authority
 which supports the European Commission
 as well as
individual country
 province
 state
 and local regulations.




and organic raw milk. Raw milk primarily contains raw skim milk
 in addition to a small percentage of butterfat and other components.
The federal government establishes minimum prices for raw milk purchased in federally regulated areas. Some states have established
their own rules for determining minimum prices. The federal government announces prices for raw milk each month. While we are subject
to federal government regulations that establish minimum prices for milk
 the prices we pay producers of organic raw milk are generally
well above such minimum prices
 as organic milk production is generally costlier
 and organic milk therefore commands a price premium.
In addition to the prices for raw milk
 we also pay producer (&ldquo;over-order&rdquo;) premiums
 federal order administration
costs
 and other related charges that vary by milk product
 location
 and supplier.




ensure the safety of our products. In addition to routine inspections by state and federal regulatory agencies
 including the USDA
and FDA
 we have instituted Company-wide quality systems that address topics such as supplier control; ingredient
 packaging
 and
product specifications; preventive maintenance; pest control; and sanitation. Each of our facilities also has in place a hazard
analysis critical control points (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. To the extent that the federal Food Safety
Modernization Act applies to Lifeway&rsquo;s business
 we develop food safety plans and implement preventive measures to protect
against food contamination. We also maintain a product recall plan
 including lot identifiability and traceability measures that
allow us to act quickly to reduce the risk of consumption of any product that we suspect may pose a health issue.


including product liability coverage
 which we believe to be sufficient to cover potential product liabilities.


Food (&ldquo;SQF&rdquo;) program at all of our facilities. SQF is a fully integrated food safety and quality management protocol
designed specifically for the food sector. The SQF Code
 based on universally accepted CODEX Alimentarius
 HACCP guidelines and
the Global Food Safety Initiative (&ldquo;GFSI&rdquo;) standards
 offers a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and
quality simultaneously. Safe Quality Food or SQF certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
process or service complies with international
 regulatory and other specified standards. Our Waukesha and Morton Grove facilities
are SQF certified at the highest level of such certification.








 2018
 we employed approximately
322 employees
 approximately 108 of which were members of a union bargaining unit.




investors at www.lifewayfoods.com and it makes available
 free of charge
 through this website its annual report on Form 10-K
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the
SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC.





    
    


ITEM 1A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RISK FACTORS


our business
 you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations&rdquo; contained in Part II
 Item 7 and &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&rdquo;
contained in Part II
 Item 7A. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become important factors that adversely
affect our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
financial condition
 results of operations
 and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

Our product categories face a high
level of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


retailer shelf space in each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and
satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. We believe that our brands have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce
products in their categories
 and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded
products
 as well as from private label competitors. Some of our competitors
 such as Danone
 General Mills
 Dean Foods
 Chobani
Hain Celestial Group
 and Nestle
 have substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and others may be able
to introduce innovative products more quickly or market their products more successfully than we can
 which could cause our growth
rate to be slower than we anticipate and could cause sales to decline.


products
 such as Millennium Products and PepsiCo
 that have lower ingredient and production-related costs. As a result
 these
competing producers may be able to offer their products to customers at a lower price point. This could cause us to lower our prices
resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
private label competitors are generally able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have
lower marketing costs than their branded counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private
label offerings
 demand for our products and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted.


 due to high levels of competition
certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our products or may become more resistant to price increases for our
products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on
our results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully implement our business
strategy for our brands on a timely basis or at all.


in part
 on our ability to implement our strategy of leveraging our existing brands with our current and new products to maintain
our market position in our product categories; drive increased sales; acquire or establish new brands; and create strategic alliances
including potential joint ventures. Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
introduce timely
 new
 cost-effective
 and appealing products and innovate successfully within our existing product categories;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners and accurately assess their value
 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
integrate acquired brands
 products
 or joint ventures into our company and our business strategy.



elements of our business strategy
 our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


is to introduce timely
 new
 cost-effective
 and appealing products and to innovate successfully within our existing product categories.
New items introduced through our innovation efforts partially offset lower volumes in 2018 of our core drinkable kefir products.
However
 consumer tastes and preferences change rapidly
 and evolve over time. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences
include:



    
    
dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages;

    
    
    




    
    
concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals;

    
    
    




    
    
concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people;

    
    
    




    
    
decisions by yogurt and non-dairy beverage manufacturers to mislabel their products as &ldquo;kefir&rdquo; in order to benefit from our branding and marketing efforts
 a marketing ploy that can cause significant confusion and misunderstanding among consumers; and

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    



the results we expect when we expect them for a variety of reasons including those described herein. Our future product development
and innovation will be reliant on our ability to identify and develop potential new growth opportunities. This process is inherently
risky and will result in investments in substantial time and resources for which we do not achieve any return or value. Successful
product development and innovation is also affected by our ability to launch new or improved products successfully and on a timely
and cost-effective basis.


 incur debt
 or
issue equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities to fund our business strategy
 or may be unable to fund that strategy. Any of these
events could adversely affect our financial results and our business. We could experience similar effects if we invest resources
in a strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful.&nbsp;If
 due to a failure of our strategy or any other reason
 consumer demand
for our products declines
 our sales volumes
 results of operations
 and our business could be negatively affected
 and we may
not be able to create or sustain growth or successfully implement our business strategy.

The consolidation of our customers
or the loss of any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.


 such as supermarkets and food
distributors
 continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased
negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs
 as well as operate
with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
 all
of which could negatively impact our business. The consolidation of retail customers also increases the risk that a significant
adverse impact on their business could have a corresponding material adverse impact on our business.





    
    



for 21% of our net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018. Where we enter into written agreements with our customers
they are generally terminable after short notice periods by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts
based on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we
lose. The loss of any large customer
 the reduction of purchasing levels
 or the cancellation of any business from a large customer
for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.


independent distributors to customers. Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale. The loss of
 or business
disruption at
 one or more of these distributors may harm our business. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative
distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on satisfactory terms
or in a timely manner. Our inability to enter into satisfactory distribution agreements may inhibit our ability to implement our
business plan or to establish markets necessary to expand the distribution of our products successfully.

We are subject to the risk of product
contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial
costs.


involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties
 inadvertent mislabeling
product contamination or spoilage including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced
during the storage
 processing
 handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or production
processes violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our
products cause injury
 illness
 or death.


 we may be
required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products
 or cease operations
 which may lead to a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition
 customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if
a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 and even if we and each of our co-packers and suppliers comply
in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such
matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion
that our products caused illness or physical harm
 including the risk of reputational harm being magnified and/or distorted through
the rapid dissemination of information over the Internet
 including through news articles
 blogs
 chat rooms
 and social media
could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we
may have against others. We maintain product liability insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate. However
 we cannot
be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage.
A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated
financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.

We rely on independent certification for several of our
products and facilities.


 such
as certifications of our products as &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;gluten-free
&rdquo; to differentiate our products from others.
The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as a probiotic-based products and natural
&ldquo;better for you&rdquo; foods company
 which could harm our business. We rely on independent SQF certification at some of
our facilities
 a certification that some of our customers require us to maintain.


independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. For example
 we can lose our
&ldquo;organic&rdquo; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly
cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all organic raw materials must be certified organic. Our products could lose their
organic certifications if our raw material suppliers lose their organic certifications. Similarly
 we could lose our SQF certification
if we do not meet the requirements of the SQF Code. The loss of these certifications could cause us to lose customers that require
Lifeway products and/or facilities to carry some or all of them
 which could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.





    
    


Increases in the cost of raw milk
could reduce our gross margin and profit.


our primary raw material
 is an agricultural commodity that is subject to price fluctuations. Although both conventional and
organic milk prices in fiscal 2018 were relatively consistent with the prior year
 there can be no assurance that such prices
will remain at these levels in the future. The supply and price of raw milk may be impacted by
 among other things
 weather
natural disasters
 real or perceived supply shortages
 lower dairy and crop yields
 general increases in farm inputs and
costs of production
 political and economic conditions
 labor actions
 government actions
 and trade barriers. Increases in
the market price for raw milk or over-order premiums charged by producers may also impact our ability to enter into purchase
commitments at a fixed price. There can be no assurance that our purchasing practices will mitigate future price risk. As a
result
 increases in the cost of raw milk could have an adverse impact on our profitability.


 the dairy industry continues
to experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic
farming compared to costs of conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of
organic raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause higher input costs
and reduce our ability to deliver product to our customers. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits
to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of
these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any
increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected.

Reduced availability of raw materials
and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for them
 could adversely affect us.


and other inputs in addition to conventional and organic raw milk
 such as sweeteners
 diesel fuel
 packaging material
 resin
and other commodities. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued
supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. In addition
 some of our raw materials are also
agricultural products
 and therefore subject to the same vulnerabilities described above for raw milk. Other events that adversely
affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and
other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&rsquo;
businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
 and reputation.


of our products are less plentiful and available from a fewer number of suppliers than their conventional counterparts. Competition
with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic
products increases.

Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability
to manufacture or distribute products
 could adversely affect our business and sales
 and/or could increase our operating costs
and capital expenditures.


suppliers and co-packers that require them to provide us with specific finished goods
 including packaging
 kefir
 and probiotic
supplements. For some of these products
 we essentially rely on a single supplier or co-packer as our sole source for the item.
The failure for any reason of any such sole source or other co-packer to fulfill its obligations under the applicable agreements
with us or the termination or renegotiation of any such sourcing agreement could result in disruptions to our supply of finished
goods and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 our suppliers and co-packers are subject to risk
including labor disputes
 union organizing activities
 financial liquidity
 inclement weather
 natural disasters
 supply constraints
and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable products
 which
could disrupt our supply of finished goods
 or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to
the supplier or co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing new arrangements
with other providers. A new arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as our existing arrangements
 if at all.


capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our
business or implement our strategic plan
 and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations.





    
    


Disruption of our manufacturing or
distribution chains or information technology systems
 including disruption due to cybersecurity threats
 could adversely affect
our business.


 in
part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing
needs. Our ongoing initiatives to expand our production platform and our productive capacity could fail to achieve such objectives
and in any case could increase our operating costs beyond our expectations and could require significant additional capital expenditures.
If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing
 and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution
 and warehousing costs may increase
 which could
negatively affect our business.


 damage or disruption to our
manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism
 cybersecurity
threats and other security breaches
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key distributors
 warehousing
and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products.


and distribution facilities. A disruption in operations at any of these facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain
relating to common carriers
 supply of raw materials and finished goods
 or otherwise
 whether as a result of casualty
 natural
disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications failure
 cybersecurity threat
 terrorism
 labor shortages
 contractual disputes or other
causes
 could significantly impair our ability to operate our business and adversely affect our relationship with our customers.
Furthermore
 our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all related costs.


also critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. These
systems include
 without limitation
 networks
 applications
 and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business.
A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction
errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and sales losses
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems
may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
and cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity threats in particular are persistent
 evolve quickly and include
 without limitation
computer viruses
 unauthorized attempts to access information
 denial of service attacks
 and other electronic security breaches.
Like our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business generally
 we expect that we will
continue to be the subject of cybersecurity threats. In some cases we must rely on the safeguards put in place by the third parties
with whom we do business to protect against security threats. We believe we have implemented appropriate measures and controls
and have invested in sufficient resources to appropriately identify and monitor these threats and mitigate potential risks
 including
risks involving our customers and suppliers. However
 there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent
cybersecurity breaches
 disruptions to mission critical systems
 the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption
of data
 or harm to facilities or personnel.


our operations
 or the operations of our customers
 suppliers
 subcontractors and other third parties; could require significant
management attention and resources; could result in the loss of business
 regulatory actions and potential liability; and could
negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public. Any of these outcomes could have a negative impact on our
financial condition
 results of operations
 or liquidity.

Our debt and financial obligations
could adversely affect our financial condition
 our ability to obtain future financing
 and our ability to operate our business.


could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore
from time to time
 we may need additional financing to support our business and pursue our business strategy
 including strategic
acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
the condition of the capital markets
 and other factors. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on
favorable terms when required
 or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities
those securities may have rights
 preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and
equity-linked securities
 our existing stockholders may experience dilution.





    
    



 2018
 we had outstanding
borrowings of approximately $6.0 million
 net of $55 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 which consisted of a revolving line
of credit. Our loan agreements contain certain restrictions and requirements that among other things:



    
    
require us to maintain a minimum year-to-date EBITDA in fiscal year 2019
 and a quarterly fixed charge coverage ratio;




    
    
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of
our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of
these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all.


If market interest rates increase
 it will increase our debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow.


ability to:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



our business could harm our ability to execute on our business strategy by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage
of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities
 and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events
beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. Unless cured or waived
 a default would permit lenders
to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

Loss of our key management or other
personnel
 or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
 could negatively impact our business.


 working relationships
and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.





    
    


Employee strikes and other labor-related
disruptions may adversely affect our operations.


terms and conditions of employment for a significant portion of our workforce. Although we believe union relations since the union&rsquo;s
certification as the exclusive bargaining representative of this portion of our workforce have been amicable
 there is no assurance
that this will continue in the future or that we will not be subject to future union organizing activity. There are potential adverse
effects of labor disputes with our own employees or by others who provide warehousing
 transportation
 and distribution
 both domestic
and foreign
 of our raw materials or other products. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we
are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our
business
 financial condition
 or results of operations. The terms and conditions of existing
 renegotiated
 or new collective
bargaining agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes
to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any
inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.


particularly our trademarks
 but also our copyrights
 registered domain names
 and proprietary trade secrets
 technology
 know-how
processes and other proprietary rights to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on a combination of trademark
 copyright
 trade dress
 trade secret
 and other intellectual property
laws
 and domain name dispute resolution systems; as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
and assignment agreements; and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain
adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the
current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.


have infringed third parties&rsquo; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those
without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate
the challenged intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 divert management&rsquo;s attention
and resources
 or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party&rsquo;s intellectual
property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly
license or royalty agreements
 or stop the sale of certain products
 any of which could have a negative effect on our results of
operations.

Litigation or legal proceedings could
expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation.


and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. These claims and legal proceedings may include lawsuits or claims
relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment
matters
 environmental matters
 regulatory compliance
 or other aspects of our business. Even when not merited
 the defense of
these claims and legal proceedings may divert our management&rsquo;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending
these claims and proceedings. In addition
 we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions
or other equitable remedies
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows
 or results of operations.
The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict
 and the outcome of pending or future claims and legal proceedings may
have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows
 or results of operations. We evaluate these claims and legal
proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based
on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate.
These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount
of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. If actual outcomes
or losses differ materially from our current assessments and estimates or additional claims or legal proceedings are initiated
we could be exposed to significant liabilities.





    
    


Our business is subject to various
food
 environmental
 and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs
 subject us to liabilities
or otherwise adversely affect our business.


numerous requirements in the United States relating to food safety
 production
 and marketing
 as well as the protection of the
environment
 and health and safety matters. The food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace
safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among
other federal and state authorities
 the FDA
 USDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 and the U.S. Departments
of Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities in the foreign countries in which we do business. Environmental laws
including the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
as amended
 and the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes
and regulations in the United States and in each of the foreign countries in which we do business apply to our business operations
as well. These laws and regulations govern
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment.


 the marketing and advertising
of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and
foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our
products to children.


regulations relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&ldquo;NOP&rdquo;)
we rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Regulations and formal and informal
positions taken by the NOP pursuant to the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 are subject to continued
review and scrutiny.


the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
our customers
 or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
new laws and regulations or other federal and state regulatory initiatives could interrupt distribution of our products or force
changes in our production processes and our products. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
energy usage
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of
our customers or suppliers. These costs could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further
 if
we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including
third-party claims for property damage or personal injury
 fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 clean up costs
 and other civil sanctions
as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The Smolyansky family controls a majority of our common
stock and has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval.


by members of the Smolyansky family
 and collectively
 they have the ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes
 including
the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger
 change of control
 or other significant corporate
transaction. No person interested in acquiring Lifeway will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Smolyansky family.
We believe that having the Smolyansky family as a significant part of a long-term-focused
 committed
 and engaged stockholder base
provides us with an important strategic advantage
 particularly in a business with a mature
 well-recognized brand. This advantage
could be eroded or lost
 however
 should Smolyansky family members cease
 collectively
 to be controlling stockholders of Lifeway.
We desire to remain independent and family-owned
 and we believe the Smolyansky family shares these interests. However
 the Smolyansky
family&rsquo;s interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders&rsquo; interests. By exercising their control
 the Smolyansky
family could cause Lifeway to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals of institutional
 short-term
 non-voting
or other non-controlling investors
 or that have a negative effect on our stock price.





    
    



 collectively
controls a majority of our common stock (approximately 50.4%)
 we are considered a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; under Nasdaq
Listing Rules. Controlled companies are exempt from Nasdaq listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent
directors
 a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee
 and a fully independent compensation committee. Our Board
of Directors has determined that Lifeway will avail itself of these exemptions
 though we currently maintain a Board composed of
a majority of independent directors. In reliance on the controlled company exemptions described above
 we have chosen to combine
our audit
 compensation
 and nominating committees into an Audit and Corporate Governance Committee comprised of a majority of
the Board&rsquo;s independent directors to eliminate unnecessary redundancies in our independent committee structure given the
size of our Board. The Committee fulfills the Board&rsquo;s delegated audit
 compensation
 and nominating duties. As a result of
our use of controlled company exemptions
 our corporate governance practices differ from those of non-controlled companies
 which
are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

We have identified a&nbsp;material&nbsp;weakness&nbsp;in
our internal control over financial reporting
 and our business and stock price may be adversely affected if we have other material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. 


over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. We have identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting related to our controls over the review of the step one goodwill impairment evaluation
performed by third party valuation experts. A description of the material weakness can be found in Item 9A of this report. As
a result of this material weakness
 management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting were not effective as of December 31
 2018.


has been remediated
 or should new material weaknesses arise or be discovered in the future
 material misstatements could occur
and go undetected in our interim or annual consolidated financial statements and we may be required to restate our financial statements.
In addition
 we may experience delays in satisfying our reporting obligations or to comply with SEC rules and regulations
 which
could result in investigations and sanctions by regulatory authorities. Any of these results could adversely affect our business
and the value of our common stock.&nbsp;

ITEM 1B&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;PROPERTIES





    
    
    
    
    

Morton Grove
 Illinois
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 principal executive offices

Waukesha
 Wisconsin
    
    
    
Production of kefir
 administrative offices

Niles
 Illinois
    
    
    
Distribution center
 administrative offices

Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
    
    
    
Production of kefir and cheese
 administrative offices

    
    
    
    
    

Chicago
 Illinois
    
    
    
    

Chicago
 Illinois
    
    
    
    

New York
 New York
    
    
    
    



adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available on commercially acceptable terms as required.
We believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for all of our properties.

ITEM 3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
Lifeway believes that no such matter is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results
of operations.

ITEM 4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES







    
    






ITEM 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Global Market under the symbol &ldquo;LWAY.&rdquo; Trading commenced on March 29
 1988. As of March 15
 2019
 there were approximately
150 holders of record of Lifeway&rsquo;s Common Stock.




low sale prices per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market for each quarter during the two most recent
fiscal years:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





pay dividends. From time to time however our Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends depending on our operating cash flow
financial condition
 capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant.


in fiscal 2018 or 2017.





    
    


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
85
665
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
220
    

    
    
    
31
348
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
348
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
818
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
818
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
390
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
390
    
    
    
5
895
    

    
    
    
7
325
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
325
    
    
    
5
822
    

    
    
    
147
546
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
881
    
    
    
5
822
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
106
441
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
441
    
    
    
5
007
    

    
    
    
24
486
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
486
    
    
    
4
830
    

    
    
    
15
433
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
433
    
    
    
4
736
    

    
    
    
4
143
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
143
    
    
    
4
714
    

    
    
    
1
332
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
332
    
    
    
4
709
    

    
    
    
40
364
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
364
    
    
    
4
573
    

    
    
    
17
228
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
228
    
    
    
4
522
    

    
    
    
8
305
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
305
    
    
    
4
503
    

    
    
    
217
732
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
217
732
    
    
    
4
503
    




    
    
During the fourth quarter of 2015
 Lifeway publicly announced a share repurchase program. On November 1
 2017
 the our Board of Directors amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock program repurchase) the authorization the lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. The program has no expiration date.


ITEM 6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA



ITEM 7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017 should be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report
on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information
 the following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within
the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our
future plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &quot;may
&quot;
&quot;could
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;depend
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;will
&quot; &quot;result
&quot;
&quot;can
&quot; &quot;remain
&quot; &quot;assurance
&quot; &quot;subject to
&quot; &quot;require
&quot; &quot;limit
&quot; &quot;impose
&quot;
&quot;guarantee
&quot; &quot;restrict
&quot; &quot;continue
&quot; &quot;become
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; &quot;likely
&quot;
&quot;opportunities
&quot; &quot;effect
&quot; &quot;change
&quot; &quot;future
&quot; &quot;predict
&quot; and &quot;estimate
&quot;
and similar terms or terminology
 or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe the expectations
expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business
our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences
include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section in Part I
 Item 1A. We undertake no
obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes available or other
events occur in the future.





    
    




Comparison of Year Ended December 31
2018 to Year Ended December 31
 2017 (in 000&rsquo;s)




    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
103
350
118
893
(15
543
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
74
646
85
757
11
111
    

    
2
846
2
440
    
    

    
77
492
88
197
10
705
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
25
858
30
696
(4
838
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
477
16
595
3
118
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
13
616
13
955
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
244
    
(1
244
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
28
968
31
222
2
254
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
110
    
(2
584
    

    
    
    
    
    






350 for the
year ended December 31
 2018
 a decrease of $15
543 or 13.1% versus prior year. The decline was primarily due to volume/mix of
16.6%
 partially offset by lower spend in trade promotion and allowances of 1.7%
 and partially offset by pricing gains of 1.8%.
The decline in volume/mix was primarily driven by volume softness in our branded drinkable and ProBugs kefir
 partially offset
by the incremental volume of new item introductions. The volume decline reflects lower consumption of our products that is consistent
with the overall volume decline in dairy and cultured dairy product categories.


impact of a second quarter 2018 price increase to recover higher input costs. This increase was partially offset by the lapping
of a price reduction driven by the shift in delivery method for select customers in the first quarter 2017. The favorable promotional
activity reflects lower trade spending
 partially offset by the increased redemptions on our 2018 coupon program.





    
    





was 25.0% during the year ended December 31
 2018. Gross profit percentage was 25.8% in the prior year. The decline versus the
prior year was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of operating leverage that arises from lower net sales relative to fixed
costs
 increased trade promotion investment
 and higher freight and fixed costs
 partially offset by an increase in pricing and
a reduction in variable costs. Additionally
 depreciation expense increased reflecting the continued investment in manufacturing
improvements. We incurred $139k of direct labor severance expense in 2018 to reduce expense and create efficiencies in our manufacturing
process.




118 or
18.8% to $13
477 during the year ended December 31
 2018. The decrease versus prior year
 primarily reflects a change in media
spending to reduce programs with lower efficiency. The primary driver was a reduction in television advertising spend in 2018 compared
to the prior year
 and to a lesser extent lower broker commissions and marketing spending. The reduction was partially offset by
severance expense. We incurred $274 of selling severance expense in 2018 to align our organizational structure and reduce expenses.
&nbsp;




slightly lower for the year ended December 31
 2018 finishing at $13
616
 2.4% below the prior year. This reflects decreased incentive
compensation and bad debt expense
 partially offset by severance expense. We incurred $431 of general and administrative severance
expense in 2018 to align our organizational structure and reduce expenses.


 we incurred
a total of $845 of severance expense during fiscal year 2018
 primarily in the fourth quarter.




we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $1
244. There were no goodwill impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2017. See
Note 5
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.




state and local income taxes. Benefit for income taxes was $225 during the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to a benefit
for income taxes of $458 during the same period in 2017.


6.8% and 57.0% of pre-tax loss for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The lower effective tax rate was primarily
due to the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate and the 2018 impairment of goodwill that was not deductible for tax purposes.


 2017
 the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax
system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reducing the dividend received deduction
 and limiting the tax deductions
for interest expense and executive compensation.


deductibility of compensation paid to certain of our executives. Under the Act&rsquo;s amendments to Section 162(m)
 no tax deduction
in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 is allowed for compensation paid to any covered employee to the extent that
the total compensation for that covered employee exceeds $1
000
000 in any taxable year. Although the Act eliminated the prior
tax deduction under Section 162(m) for performance-based executive compensation
 it included a transition rule under which the
changes to Section 162(m) will not apply to awards made to our covered employees who had the right to participate in our 2015
Omnibus Incentive Plan pursuant to written binding contracts in effect as of November 2
 2017
 as long as those contracts have
not subsequently been modified in any material respect. Accordingly
 subject to further guidance from the Treasury Department
and the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;)
 we expect that performance-based compensation paid to our executives under
our Omnibus Plan will remain eligible for the Section 162(m) exemption in 2019.





    
    



discussed in Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




086) or
$(0.19) per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to net loss of $(346) or $(0.02) per
basic and diluted common share in the same period in 2017.




and capital resource requirements through anticipated cash flows from operations; our revolving credit facility; and cash and cash
equivalents. The success of our business and financing strategies will continue to provide us with the financial flexibility to
take advantage of various opportunities as they arise.




cash equivalents of $1
980 during the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $3
834
in the same period in 2017. The drivers of the year over year change are as follows:


was $2
417 during the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $3
808 in the same
period in 2017. The decline in cash provided by operating activities primarily results from lower net income.


was $2
720 during the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $5
316 in the same period
in 2017. The lower level of net cash used in investing activities in 2018 reflects lower capital spending. Capital spending was
$2
824 during the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to $5
341 in 2017. Our capital spending is focused in three core areas:
growth
 cost reduction
 and facility improvements. Growth capital spending supports new product innovation and enhancements. Cost
reduction spending supports manufacturing efficiency
 safety and productivity.


$1
677 during the year ended December 31
 2018 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $2
326 in the same period in
2017. On November 1
 2017
 Lifeway&rsquo;s Board approved an increase in the aggregate amount under our previously announced 2015
stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously
authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of $5
185 or 625 shares. We repurchased approximately
218 shares of common stock at a cost of $1
379 during the year ended December 31
 2018 under the 2017 Repurchase Plan Amendment.
We may execute transactions from time to time in the open market or by private negotiation
 in accordance with all applicable securities
laws and regulations. We intend to hold repurchased shares in treasury for general corporate purposes
 including issuances under
our 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Treasury shares are accounted for using the cost method.




 2018
 Lifeway entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Revolving Credit Facility&rdquo;) with its existing lender. The Revolving
Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $10 million (the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) with
an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;).


to retire all the then-outstanding term loans described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The Revolving Credit
Facility provides us advantages over our prior debt facilities
 including that it does not require scheduled principal payments
gives us access to unused credit capacity
 and does not require costly annual amendments or extensions. Additionally
 we have
no debt maturities until May 2021.


financial covenants requiring us to achieve a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters during the year ended December
31
 2018 and maintain (a) a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.0
 and (b) a senior debt to EBTIDA ratio of not
more than 3.0 to 1.0 at December 31
 2018 and for each of the succeeding fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. We
were not in compliance with the minimum EBITDA ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants at December 31
 2018
 but we have
obtained a waiver of those covenants as of that date. The revolving credit facility was amended on April 10
 2019
 effective March
31
 2019. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements





    
    



capital under the available borrowings and accordion feature of our revolving credit facility. We may issue debt or equity securities
from time to time when we determine that market conditions and the opportunity to utilize the proceeds from the issuance of such
securities are favorable. Such opportunities could include refinancing existing indebtedness
 funding capital expenditures
 extending
our debt maturities in a favorable interest rate environment
 or taking advantage of acquisition opportunities that generate favorable
returns.




arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K.





Critical Accounting Policies and
Use of Estimates


as those most important to the portrayal of a company&rsquo;s financial condition and results
 and require the most difficult
subjective
 or complex judgments. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated
by US GAAP with no need for the application of our judgement. In certain circumstances
 the preparation of our Consolidated Financial
Statements in conformity with US GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. We believe in the quality
and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts might be reported under different
conditions or using assumptions
 estimates or making judgments different from those that we have applied. Management has discussed
the development and selection of these critical accounting policies
 as well as our significant accounting policies (see Note 2
to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
 with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. We have identified the policies
described below as our critical accounting policies.




resulted from acquisitions. Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but rather evaluated for impairment
annually and on an interim basis when circumstances arise that indicate that impairment may have occurred. Considerable management
judgement is necessary to evaluate goodwill for impairment going forward. Our estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing
are determined using widely acceptable valuation techniques including discounted cash flows (income approach) and market multiples
analysis (market approach). Significant assumptions used in the income approach include revenue growth and discount rates
 margins
and the Company&rsquo;s weighted average cost of capital. We used historical performance and management estimates of future performance
to determine revenue growth rates and margins. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market
and capital structure assumptions. Considerable management judgement is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and
to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions used
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our
internal projections and operating plans. Changes in our estimates or any of our other assumptions used in our analysis could result
in a different conclusion.


 we early
adopted ASU 2017-04
&nbsp;Intangibles &mdash; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
 which simplifies
the subsequent measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. We performed a step one valuation
of goodwill as of December 31
 2018
 which indicated the carrying value of our reporting unit exceeded its fair value by $1
244.
Accordingly
 we recorded a $1
244 non-cash impairment charge in 2018. The goodwill impairment loss is included in Goodwill impairment
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2018
 the gross carrying value of goodwill was $10
368 and accumulated
goodwill impairment was $1
244.


assets
 which consist of brand names totaling $3
700 as of December 31
 2018
 using the relief from royalty method. Significant
assumptions include the royalty rate
 revenue growth rates
 and discount rates. Our assumptions were based on historical performance
and management estimates of future performance. Our analysis resulted in fair values that are in excess of carrying value by more
than 10%. Changes in our estimates or any of our other assumptions used in our analysis could result in a different conclusion.





    
    





incentive programs to customers and consumers. From time to time
 we grant certain sales discounts to customers which are classified
as a reduction in sales. The measurement and recognition of discounts and allowances involve the use of judgment and our estimates
are made based on historical experience and specific customer program accruals. Differences between estimated and actual discount
and allowance costs are normally not material and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. The
process for analyzing trade promotion programs could impact our results of operations and trade spending accruals depending on
how actual results of the programs compare to original estimates. As of December 31
 2018
 we had $0.8 million of accrued discounts
and allowances.




receive various forms of share-based payment awards and we recognize compensation expense for these awards based on their grant
date fair values. The fair values of stock option awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model
 which incorporates certain assumptions regarding the expected term of an award and expected stock price volatility. The
expected term is determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the contractual term and vesting period of the stock
options. The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility of our common stock. We do not estimate forfeitures in measuring
the grant date fair value
 but rather account for forfeitures as they occur. Key assumptions are described in further detail in
Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.




regulations
 and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. At any one time
 multiple tax years are subject to
audit by the various taxing authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.


an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The income tax benefit recognized in our financial statements from such
a position is measured based on the largest estimated benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. These judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits and changes to
or further interpretations of
 regulations. If such changes take place
 there is a risk that our tax rate may increase or decrease
in any period
 which would impact our earnings. Future business results may affect deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of
deferred tax assets over time.&nbsp;




 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 in the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information regarding recent accounting
pronouncements.

ITEM 7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK



ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    






    
    



Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm




 Inc. and
Subsidiaries:





balance sheets of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018
and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2018
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated April 16
 2019 expressed an adverse
opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




statements
 the Company changed its method of accounting for revenue from contracts with customers as a result of the adoption
of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers effective January 1
 2018
 under the modified
retrospective method.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.






since 2015

 Illinois

 2019





    
    



Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm



Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Illinois


Inc. and Subsidiaries&rsquo; (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.


internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


a control deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified.


conclusions of the valuation specialist
 including the completeness and accuracy of analysis prepared by management&rsquo;s
specialist in performing the annual goodwill impairment test
 were not operating effectively as of December 31
 2018.&nbsp;
Specifically
 the review was not sufficient to assess the completeness of the adjustments to enterprise value.


considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2018 financial statements
and this report does not affect our report dated April 16
 2019
 on those financial statements.


 because of
the effect of the material weakness described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 the Company has
not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018

Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 


 in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the balance sheets and the related statements
of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows of the Company
 and our report dated
 April 16
 2019
 expressed an unqualified
opinion.






 Illinois

 2019



    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2018 and 2017




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
998
4
978


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
220 and $2
010 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
6
276
8
676


 net
5
817
7
697

    
1
077
    

    
2
748
2
347

    
18
916
24
681

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
24
573
24
645

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
824
14
068


 net
    
    

    
13
168
15
043

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
56
807
64
519

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
166

    
4
570
6
848

    
2
777
2
984

    
    
    

    
7
453
13
201

    
5
995
    

    
    
3
113


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
402
17
929

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2018 and 2017
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
814 and 16
008 shares outstanding at 2018 and 2017
6
509
6
509

    
2
303
2
244


 at cost
(12
970
(11
812

    
46
563
49
649

    
42
405
46
590

    
    
    

    
56
807
64
519


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements





    
    



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2018
and 2017
(In thousands
 except per share data)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
103
350
118
893

    
    
    

    
74
646
85
757

    
2
846
2
440

    
77
492
88
197

    
    
    

    
25
858
30
696

    
    
    

    
13
477
16
595

    
13
616
13
955

    
1
244
    

    
    
    

    
28
968
31
222

    
    
    

    
(3
110
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
311
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
086
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
15
872
16
105

    
    
    

    
16
319
16
105


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements




    
    



LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity
For the Years Ended December 31
 2018
and 2017




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2017
17
274
6
509
(1
120
(10
340
2
198
49
995
48
362

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(1
486
    
    
(1
486

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
17
274
6
509
(1
266
(11
812
2
244
49
649
46
590

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(1
379
    
    
(1
379

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
086
(3
086

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
17
274
6
509
(1
460
(12
970
2
303
46
563
42
405



See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2018
and 2017




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
086
    

    
    
    

    
3
477
3
112

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
244
    

    
    
    

    
2
379
    

    
1
322
    

    
    
(2
038

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
278
1
130

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
417
3
808

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
824
(5
341

    
    
    

    
(2
720
(5
316

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
050
    

    
    
    

    
(1
379
(1
486

    
(6
279
    

    
(1
677
(2
326

    
    
    

    
(1
980
(3
834

    
    
    

    
4
978
8
812

    
    
    

    
2
998
4
978

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of refunds
    
2
382

    
    
    


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2018 and 2017 





statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). Our consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of Lifeway&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &ldquo;Lifeway&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

Note 2 &ndash; Summary of significant
accounting policies 




statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.




select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 11
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to
our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery to our customers or their common carriers. The Company adopted this standard
at the beginning of fiscal year 2018
 with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations
 using the
modified retrospective method. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled
to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&rsquo;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&rsquo;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.


are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.





    
    





with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition.




investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.




following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&rsquo;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.




cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the
assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


 plant and equipment is being
depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    





price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite lived
intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.



combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other intangible assets over
their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the
competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant
change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.
If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset
is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.


 including
property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There were no indicators of tangible asset impairment in 2018 or 2017.




temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different
periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year
in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
classified on a net basis as non-current.


are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 capitalization of indirect costs
for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&nbsp;incentive compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 the allowance
for doubtful accounts
 and the newly enacted interest expense limitations.


all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on
technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.
We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize
the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in
judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.
For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been
recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax
examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes
in the consolidated statements of operations.





    
    





for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant.




method.





For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total advertising expenses were $4
518 and $7
402
 respectively.




is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common
stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 0 common stock equivalents
outstanding.




 the FASB issued ASU&nbsp;2018-07
&nbsp;Improvements
The new guidance is intended to simplify aspects of accounting for share-based
payments to nonemployees by aligning it with the accounting for share-based payments to employees
 with certain exceptions. The
new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods
within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&rsquo;s adoptions of Topic 606. We adopted this
new standard in June 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&quot;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.
The new guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to
the terms of or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to
the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This guidance
was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance simplifies the subsequent
measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform
its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity
still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test
is necessary. The Company adopted the new standard on a prospective basis through our test for goodwill impairment in the fourth
quarter of 2018. See note 5 for further discussion and the results of our test for goodwill impairment.





    
    



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address
the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash
flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment
had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure
equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to
measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and
recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018.
The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition
process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either
&ldquo;full retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &ldquo;modified
retrospective&rdquo; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.
ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows
from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one-year delay of the effective date to reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective
date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date
and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under
the delayed effective date
 this guidance was effective January 1
 2018. We adopted the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified
retrospective basis. The adoption of this amendment had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company
has revised its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements
of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section above and Note 11
 Segment
Products
 and Customers for additional information.




 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which affects any entity that enters into a lease (as that term is defined in ASU 2016-02)
 with some
specified scope exceptions. Under ASU 2016-02
 companies can adopt the amended guidance using a modified retrospective transition
approach
 using an application date of either the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the
reporting period in which the companies first apply the new standard. We adopted this standard on January 1
 2019 using the an
application date of January 1
 2019
 and elected certain practical expedients allowed under the standard. In July 2018
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2018-11
 Leases (842)
 Targeted Improvements
 which provides an additional transition election to not restate comparative
periods for the effects of applying the new standard. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities
in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments
and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized
in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the
lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance
is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those
years.


expedients that are permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02 and related standards. Among other things
 this
practical expedient allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification
 and not reassess initial direct costs for any
existing leases as of January 1
 2019 or reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases. In addition
we are electing to adopt the hindsight practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases.
We will make an accounting policy election to continue recording leases with an initial term of 12 months or less consistent with
our prior financial reporting and elect the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company has revised
its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic
842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.





    
    



in ASU 2016-02 and current GAAP is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified
as operating leases under current GAAP. Recognition of the assets and liabilities will have a material impact to our consolidated
balance sheets upon adoption. However
 since all of our leases are operating leases under ASC 840 and we will carryforward the
historical lease classification
 the new standard will have no immediate
 material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
 or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are in the process of finalizing
our review of contracts and calculating the impact of the new standard on our balance sheet. We expect the adoption to result in
increase of assets of approximately $745 and liabilities of $772 as of January 1
 2019.

Note 3 &ndash; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
1
580
1
717

    
2
072
2
453

    
2
165
3
527


 net
5
817
7
697


Note 4 &ndash; Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


 plant and equipment consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
520
17
260

    
29
692
27
539

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
683

    
51
280
49
864

    
(26
707
(25
219


 plant and equipment
 net
24
573
24
645





assets consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
9
124
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
14
068






    
    



goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as of the fourth quarter and on an interim basis when circumstances
arise that indicate a possible impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2018
 we early adopted ASU 2017-04
&nbsp;Intangibles
&mdash; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
 which simplifies the subsequent measurement of
goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test.


analysis for our single reporting unit during the fourth quarter of&nbsp;2018. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. We estimate fair value using widely accepted valuation
techniques including discounted cash flows and market multiples analysis with respect to our single reporting unit
 and the relief-from-royalty
method with respect to our indefinite-lived brand names. These valuation approaches are dependent upon a number of factors
 including
estimates of future growth and trends
 royalty rates in the category of intellectual property
 discount rates and other variables.
Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating plans
 as well as other factors
and assumptions
 and significant management judgment. Additionally
 under the market approach analysis
 we used significant other
observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair value
estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable
 but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates
or assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and the conclusions of the step one analysis for our one
reporting unit.


impairment analysis as of December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded impairment losses of $1
244. The goodwill impairment loss is
included in Goodwill impairment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2018
 the gross carrying
value of goodwill was&nbsp;$10
368&nbsp;and accumulated goodwill impairment was&nbsp;$1
244.


assessment on the indefinite-lived intangible asset as of December 31
 2018 resulting in no impairment losses.




 net consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
900
(7
269


 net
    
    



expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2018 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    








    



    
    
    

    
1
937
2
208

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
777
2
984






    
    








    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
2
832

    
    
    


 2019. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
3
447

    
    
6
279

    
    
(3
166

    
    
3
113



to interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR plus 2.5% and were collateralized by substantially all of Lifeway&rsquo;s assets.
The two term loans were refinanced and paid in full on May 7
 2018. See Line of Credit below.




 2018
 Lifeway entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Revolving Credit Facility&rdquo;) with its existing lender. The Revolving
Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $10 million (the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) with
an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;). The proceeds of the Loans were used to pay off Lifeway&rsquo;s existing debt with the lender under the
Loan and Security Agreement
 Revolving Note
 and Term Note entered into on February 6
 2009
 and for general working capital purposes.
Upon closing
 we retired all the then-outstanding term loans described above.


 2018
 we had $5
995
net of $55 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had approximately $3
950
available under the Borrowing Base for future borrowings as of December 31
 2018.


bear interest
 at Lifeway&rsquo;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%
or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.50%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line
fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee. Lifeway&rsquo;s average interest rate
on debt outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility for the period May 7
 2018 through December 31
 2018 was 4.79%. The weighted-average
interest rate on debt outstanding at December 31
 2018 was 4.98%.


Facility matures May 7
 2021. The Revolving Credit Facility is presented as a long-term debt obligation as of December 31
 2018.
The Loans and all other amounts due and owed under the Revolving Credit Facility and related documents are secured by substantially
all of our assets.


the Revolving Credit Facility equal the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base (as defined below)
 or (ii) $10 million (plus the amount
of any Incremental Facility requested by Lifeway and approved by lender)
 in each case
 as the same is reduced by the aggregate
principal amount outstanding under the Loans. &ldquo;Borrowing Base&rdquo; under the Revolving Credit Facility means
 generally
an amount equal to our cash and cash equivalents plus our eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory
 less certain reserves
divided by 1.5.





    
    



customary representations
 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to achieve
a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2018; maintain (a) a fixed charge coverage ratio
of no less than 1.25 to 1.0
 and (b) a Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio of not more than 3.00 to 1.0 at December 31
 2018 and for each
of the succeeding fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for events of
default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to perform or violation of the provisions or covenants
of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Revolving Credit Facility may be accelerated. We were not in compliance
with the minimum EBITDA and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants at December 31
 2018
 but we have obtained a waiver of those
covenants as of that date. The revolving credit facility was amended on April 10
 2019
 effective March 31
 2019. See Note 14 for
discussion of this subsequent event.&nbsp;






its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary
 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases. Total lease expense
was $769 and $702 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Future annual minimum base rental payments under
non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2018 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.


matters when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. We
evaluate
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that
would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually
or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&rsquo;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding
legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have
a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.


to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status
of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable
certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss.





    
    





 2017
 the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax
system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction
 and limiting the tax deductions
for interest expense and certain executive compensation.


No. 118 (&quot;SAB 118&quot;) to address the application of US GAAP in situations where a registrant does not have the necessary
information available
 prepared
 or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain
income tax effects of the Tax Act. To the extent that a company&rsquo;s accounting for the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able
to provide a reasonable estimate
 it must record a provisional amount in the financial statements. SAB 118 provides a measurement
period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC
740.


 2017
 the
Company recorded an estimate of the provisions of the Act and recognized a $378 discrete net tax benefit in our 2017 financial
statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the new tax rate. As of December 31
 2018
 there
have been no changes to the provisional estimate.


consists of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    






    
    



income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
673
    

    
    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar year 2015 and subsequent
federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the
annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.


in the consolidated statements of operations was $0 and $152 during 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The amount of accrued interest
and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $19 and $171 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


Note 10 &ndash; Stock-based and Other
Compensation


 Lifeway stockholders
approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards
of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and
performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock
awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The
number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have
been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2018
 3.467 million
shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least
annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including
issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
&nbsp;and&nbsp;stock options to attract and retain new and existing
executives.





    
    





Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &ldquo;2016
options&rdquo;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on a relatively accelerated basis. The accelerated vesting
reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of individual participants.


activity during the year ended December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2018
    
    
    
    

    
 2018
    
    
    
    



 2018 and
2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $9 and $41
 respectively.
For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of $3 and $17 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock options was $1
 which is expected to be amortized over the
weighted-average remaining service period of 0.50 years.


using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting
and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to
provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.


grants:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





Stock Awards (&ldquo;RSAs&rdquo;) to certain non-employee directors in June 2018 vesting over a three-year service period. We also
approved awards of 16 RSA&rsquo;s to employees during 2018. An RSA represents the right to receive one share of common stock in
the future. RSAs have no exercise price.


ended December 31
 2018:



    
    

    
    

    
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2018
    

    
    






    
    



period. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $47 and $18
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of
$13 and $7
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested
RSA&rsquo;s was $81
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.32 years.




compensation program for fiscal year 2017 (the &ldquo;2017 Plan&rdquo;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &ldquo;participants&rdquo;).
We established a similar plan for participants for fiscal year 2018 (the &ldquo;2018 Plan&rdquo;). Under both the 2017 Plan and
the 2018 Plan
 long-term incentive compensation is based on Lifeway&rsquo;s achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance
levels versus respective targets established by the Board for each fiscal year.


 collectively the participants
had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&rsquo;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&rsquo;s performance compared to their individual
objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the
three years from the 2017 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $636 was expensed under the 2017 Plan as stock-based
compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation
earned by participants and expensed under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled through the issuance of stock
 subject
to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations under the 2017 Plan was $2
516. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation
related to the 2017 Plan was $336
 of which $287 and $49 is expected to be recognized in 2019 and 2020
 respectively
 subject to
vesting.


 collectively the participants
have the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
200 depending on Lifeway&rsquo;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&rsquo;s performance compared to their individual
objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the
three years from the 2018 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $76 was expensed under the 2018 Plan as cash bonus
expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There were no equity-based incentive earnings under the 2018 plan during
the year ended December 31
 2018.




which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan we match employee contributions under
a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $417 and $376
 respectively.

Note 11 &ndash; Segments
 Products and Customers


kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive
blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 15 to 20 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming
Units) at the time of manufacture.


our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2018
 Lifeway
offered approximately 20 varieties of our kefir products including more than 60 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir
products
 we offer several lines of products developed through our innovation and development efforts. These include Kefir Cups
a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in
resealable 5 oz. containers. We also offer Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt; Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic beverage
made from organic and non-GMO pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures; a line of probiotic supplements for adults and children;
and a soft serve kefir mix.





    
    






    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable and frozen formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which
    includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.



reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
the Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues relate to
the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a
common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
78
523
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
486
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
276
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
527
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
836
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
138
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
795
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
537
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
661
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
103
350
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
893
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    



 &ndash;
Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 21% and 22% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 17% and 19% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Our ten largest customers
as a group accounted for approximately 59% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.&nbsp;




 2015
 Lifeway&rsquo;s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2015 stock repurchase program&rdquo;) under which we may
from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or
250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 amendment&rdquo;)
 by adding
to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of
$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without
limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.





    
    



during the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company repurchased 218 shares at a cost of $1
379 or approximately $6.33 per share.
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately $10.07 per share.
Approximately $4
503 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2018.




the Chairperson of its Board of Directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were $1
000 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


with the Chairperson under which we pay the Chairperson a royalty based on the sale of certain Lifeway products
 not to exceed
$50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and were $587 and $600 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 2019
 effective March 31
2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Modified
Revolving Credit Facility&rdquo;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit Facility provides
for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &ldquo;Revolving Loan&rdquo;) with an incremental facility not
to exceed $5 million (the &ldquo;Incremental Facility&rdquo; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;).


bear interest
 based on a level of the Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio
 at Lifeway&rsquo;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate
(the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.0% to 0.5%
 or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.25% to 3.00%
 payable monthly
in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of
credit
 a letter of credit fee.


 the Modified Revolving Credit
Facility contains customary representations
 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring
us to achieve a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2019
 and maintain a fixed charge
coverage ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.0 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving
Credit Facility also provides for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to
perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Modified Revolving
Credit Facility may be accelerated.


of $4
720 at the time of the modification.











    
    


ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM 9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


that are designed to ensure material information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 we recognize that a control system
 no matter how well designed
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.


 2018 (the &ldquo;Evaluation
Date&rdquo;)
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)). Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31
 2018 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed
by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified under the Exchange
Act rules and forms due to the material weakness described below. As a result
 we performed additional analysis and other post-closing
procedures to ensure our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
including reviewing the accounting for goodwill impairment. Accordingly
 management has concluded
 notwithstanding the material
weakness described below
 the company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present
 in
all material respects
 our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.


McCann P.C.
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 regarding Lifeway&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
is provided under &ldquo;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.&rdquo;






    
    


Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and effected by the Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;




    
    
provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and




    
    
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated&nbsp;financial statements.



has inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the level
of compliance with related policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 including our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2018. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013).


deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis.


 management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2018 due to material weakness
in our controls over the review of the result of the step one goodwill impairment evaluation performed by the third party valuation
expert that we engaged. When preparing their report on the step one goodwill impairment evaluation
 the third party valuation
expert made certain analysis errors that our review controls did not detect. Because we recorded an adjustment to the financial
statements
 this control deficiency did not result in a material misstatement to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31
 2018. However
 management concluded that this control deficiency
 if un-remediated
 could
 in
future reporting periods
 result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that our
controls may not prevent or detect. Accordingly
 management has determined that this control deficiency constituted a material
weakness.




above
 management is currently evaluating our policies and procedures related to the review of the analysis in goodwill impairment
reports prepared by third-party valuation experts and plans to design and implement adequate internal controls and procedures to
ensure that (i) goodwill impairment is properly reviewed
 accounted for and disclosed
 and (ii) management can more effectively
evaluate analysis conducted by third-party valuation service providers that perform the step one goodwill impairment analysis.




changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
OTHER INFORMATION







    
    




ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance Guidelines and
Code of Ethics


and a Code of Ethics applicable to all members of the Board
 executive officers
 and employees
 including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer. The Corporate Governance Guidelines
 the Code of Ethics
 and other corporate governance
documents are available on Lifeway&rsquo;s website at www.lifewayfoods.com. Any person may
 without charge
 request a copy
of the Corporate Governance Guidelines and/or Code of Ethics by contacting Lifeway at (847) 967-1010 or by email at 


10 will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.


be included in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.








    
    




ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.



    
    
A list of the Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Report is set forth in Part II
 Item 8
 which list is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Stockholders&rsquo; Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 8
 2016
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Endorsement Agreement by and between the Company and Ludmila Smolyansky
 dated as of March 14
 2016
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Douglas A. Hass
 dated as of April 21
 2017
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 7
 2018 among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Amy Feldman
 dated as of October 29
 2018
    
    
    
    
    






    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Hanson
 dated as of January 18
 2019
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
First Modification to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 10
 2019 among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
 Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 and CIBC Bank USA
 as Lender.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Press release dated April 15
 2019 reporting the Company&rsquo;s financial results for year ended December 31
 2018.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




ITEM 16.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FORM 10-K
SUMMARY.







    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    




    
    
    
    

Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer
 Secretary
 and Director
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Date: April 15
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






    














     





AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT


&rdquo;) is entered into effective
as of March 31
&rdquo;) by and among CIBC BANK USA
&rdquo;)
 LIFEWAY
FOODS
 INC.
&rdquo;)
 FRESH MADE
 INC.
&rdquo;)
THE LIFEWAY KEFIR SHOP LLC
 an Illinois limited liability company formerly known as STARFRUIT
&rdquo;)
and LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.
&rdquo; and together with Lifeway
 FMI and LKS being sometimes
collectively referred to as the &ldquo;




 the Lender
and the Borrowers entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated May 7
 2018 (as modified

Agreement
 pursuant to which the Lender made available to the Borrowers a credit facility;


 Events of
 of the Loan Agreement as a result
 (EBITDA) for the Fiscal Quarter
ending December 31
 (Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) for the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31
 2018;

WHEREAS
the Lender and Borrowers desire to amend the Loan Agreement
 among other things
 to (a) reduce the Revolving Commitment
 (b) redefine
the &ldquo;Borrowing Base&rdquo;
 of the Loan Agreement and

 all upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; and


 this Amendment
shall constitute a Loan Document and these Recitals shall be construed as part of this Amendment.


 THEREFORE
 for
good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree
as follows:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Unless the context otherwise provides or requires
 capitalized terms
used herein which are not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement; 
 
&rdquo; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth
in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 the duties and obligations of the Borrowers under this Amendment
 and (b)
&rdquo; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited
to
 this Amendment and the documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant to this Amendment.

Amended
and Restated Defined Term
 the following terms shall have the following amended
and restated meaning:

2018 Non-Recurring
Expenses
 in respect of the Fiscal Year ended December 31
 2018 only (i) up to $731
048 of restructuring and severance
expenses related to the closing of Borrowers&rsquo; Skokie
 Illinois plant and the separation of certain of Borrowers&rsquo; executives
and sales directors
 (ii) up to $217
073 of legal and other expenses incurred in connection with Borrowers&rsquo; decision not
to pursue further a possible &ldquo;going private&rdquo; transaction
 (iii) up to $95
000 of recruiting fees for services rendering
in identifying and hiring a new Chief Financial Officer for the Borrowers and (iv) up to $128
828 of other non-recurring legal
fees.






    
    


Applicable
Margin
 for any day
&rdquo;) then in effect
it being understood that the Applicable Margin for (i) LIBOR Loans shall be the percentage set forth under the column &ldquo;LIBOR
Margin&rdquo;
 (ii)&nbsp;Base Rate Loans shall be the percentage set forth under the column &ldquo;Base Rate Margin&rdquo;
 (iii)
the Non-Use Fee Rate shall be the percentage set forth under the column &ldquo;Non-Use Fee Rate&rdquo; and (iv) the L/C Fee shall
be the percentage set forth under the column &ldquo;L/C Fee Rate&rdquo;:




        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



Margin
 the Base Rate Margin
 the Non-Use Fee Rate and the L/C Fee Rate shall be adjusted
 to the extent applicable
 on the fifth
(5th) Business Day after Borrower provides or is required to provide the annual and quarterly financial statements and other information
pursuant to 
 as applicable
 and the related Compliance Certificate

10.1.3
 (a) if Borrowers fail to deliver the financial
statements and Compliance Certificate in accordance with the provisions of 
 
the LIBOR Margin
 the Base Rate Margin
 the Non-Use Fee Rate and the L/C Fee Rate shall be based upon Level I above beginning on
the date such financial statements and Compliance Certificate were required to be delivered until the fifth (5th) Business Day
after such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are actually delivered
 whereupon the Applicable Margin shall be determined
by the then current Level; (b) no reduction to any Applicable Margin shall become effective at any time when a Default or an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing; and (c) the initial Applicable Margin on the Closing Date shall be based on Level III
until the date on which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate are required to be delivered for the Fiscal Quarter
ending June 30
 2019.

Revolving
Commitment
000
Annex
A

2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 

Financial
Covenants

.
Not Permit EBITDA to be less than the applicable amount set forth below for the period indicated below:




        
        
    

3-months ending March 31
 2019
$750
000.00

6-months ending June 30
 2019
    

500
000.00
        

9-months ending September 30
 2019
$2
250
000.00

    

 2019
        
    

000
000.00
        


Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio
the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31
 2018 and at the end of each Fiscal Quarter thereafter. For purposes of this 
with respect to the Fiscal Year ended December 31

may be added back to Consolidated Net Income to the extent such expenses were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income

160
000.00 of unfinanced Capital Expenditures incurred during such Fiscal Year related to plant improvements
at the Waukesha
 Property may be excluded for purposes of clause (a)(ii) of the definition of &ldquo;Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio&rdquo;.






    
    


(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 Note and the Loan Documents previously delivered by the Borrowers shall remain
in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The indebtedness evidenced by the Note (as hereby
amended by this Amendment) is continuing indebtedness of the Borrowers and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a payment
settlement or novation of the Note
 or to release or otherwise adversely affect any lien or security interest securing such indebtedness
or any rights of the Lender against any party primarily or secondarily liable for such indebtedness.

aiver
of Subject Defaults


Effective Date
 and pursuant to Section 14.1 of the Loan Agreement the Lender hereby waives (a) the occurrence of the Subject Defaults
(b) its available rights and remedies with respect to the Subject Defaults
 and (c) its right to charge interest at the Default
Rate on account of the Subject Defaults. Such waiver (a) shall not be deemed to extend to any other Event of Default which has
arisen or may hereafter arise
 (b) shall not be deemed to effect any amendment of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
all of which shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms except as expressly amended hereby
and (c) shall not be deemed to establish a custom or course of dealing between Borrowers and the Lender.



(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Borrower is a party are incorporated herein in full by this reference and are true and correct in all material respects as of the
date hereof
 except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and has been duly authorized by all requisite action
 to execute and deliver this Amendment.
This Amendment has been duly executed by each Borrower.

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 valid and binding obligation of each Borrower
 enforceable against each Borrower and each of
the other Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms
 except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy
insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium
 or similar law affecting creditors&rsquo; rights generally.

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 delivery and performance of this Amendment do not and will not (i) violate any law
 rule
 regulation or court
order to which any of the Borrowers is subject; (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of the certificate of formation or incorporation
bylaws
 limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any of the Borrowers or any other agreement or
instrument to which it is party or by which the properties of any of the Borrowers is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien on any property of any of the Borrowers
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired
 other than Liens in favor
of the Lender.

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 filing with or other act by or in respect of any Person is required in connection with the
execution
 delivery or performance by each of the Borrowers
 or the validity or enforceability
 of this Amendment
 or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.





    
    


5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. This Amendment shall be effective on the date when each of the following conditions
shall have been satisfied in the sole discretion of the Lender:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Each of the Borrowers and the Lender shall have delivered to the Lender executed counterparts of this
Amendment;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Lender a First Amended and Restated Note in
the form attached hereto as 

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
.&#9;With respect to each Borrower (i) good standing certificates in its state
of incorporation (or formation) and in each other state requested by the Lender; and (ii) certification that the certificates delivered
by such Borrower on or about May 7
 2018
 remain in full force and effect (it being understood that the Lender may conclusively
rely on each such certificate until formally advised by a like certificate of any changes therein)
 all certified by its secretary
or an assistant secretary or manager (or similar officer) as being in full force and effect without modification; and

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Lender such other agreements
 certificates
 instruments
and other documents as the Lender may reasonably request to accomplish the purposes of this Amendment.

6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Except as specifically provided in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall remain in full force and effect and each Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms each such Loan Document.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Except as expressly provided herein
 the execution
 delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall
not operate as a waiver or forbearance of any right
 power or remedy of either party under the Loan Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents
 or
 except as expressly provided in herein
 constitute a consent
 waiver or modification with respect to any provision
of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (a) the Loan
Agreement to &ldquo;this Agreement
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereunder
&rdquo; &ldquo;hereof
&rdquo; or words of similar import and (b) any
other Loan Document to &ldquo;the Agreement&rdquo; shall
 in each case and except as otherwise specifically stated therein
 mean
and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended and modified hereby.

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. This Amendment
 including all annexes
 exhibits
 schedules and other documents incorporated by
reference herein or delivered in connection herewith
 constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all other understandings
 oral or written
 with respect to the subject matter hereof.

8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Borrowers covenant and agree that (a) they shall permit the Lender to complete
 of the Loan Agreement
 at Borrowers&rsquo; expense
 after the Effective
Date (which field audit Borrowers and Lender anticipate will be commenced by May 31
 2019) and (b) promptly following the completion
of such field audit and the results thereof
 to further amend the Loan Agreement to amend the definitions of Borrowing Base
 Eligible
Accounts and Eligible Inventory in order for the Borrowing Base to be calculated based upon a mutually agreed upon percentage of
such Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory (together with such other amendments as may be reasonably necessary to implement
the foregoing).

9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. As provided in the Loan Agreement
 the Borrowers agree to pay on demand all reasonable fees
 costs
and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the preparation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment. In addition
in consideration of the Lender waiving the Subject Defaults
 Borrowers shall pay Lender a covenant waiver fee of $15
000 payable
on or before the Effective Date.

10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Wherever possible
 each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law
 but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable
law
 such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
 without invalidating the remainder
of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.






    
    


11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Except as otherwise provided in this Amendment
 if any provision contained in this Amendment is
in conflict with
 or inconsistent with
 any provision in any of the other Loan Documents
 the provision contained in this Amendment
shall govern and control.

12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. This Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of the Lender and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Borrower.

13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an
original
 but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate
counterparts and attached to a single counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission
or electronic transmission (such as fax or e-mail) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.

14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The paragraph headings used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation
of any of the provisions hereof.

15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
 THE LAWS SET
FORTH IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT.

16.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON
 OR ARISING OUT OF
 UNDER
 OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE THE LENDER FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE PARTIES
HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE. EACH OF THE PARTIES FURTHER
CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER SET FORTH IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW
 ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY
SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT
FORUM.

17.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. THE LENDER AND EACH OF THE BORROWERS
 AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT
WITH COUNSEL
 EACH KNOWINGLY
 VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE IRREVOCABLY
 ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AMENDMENT
 ANY NOTE
 ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 ANY OF THE OTHER OBLIGATIONS
 THE COLLATERAL
OR ANY AMENDMENT
 INSTRUMENT
 DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR
THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING
 AND EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE LENDER
ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT.







    
    


18.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. In consideration for entering into this agreement
 the sufficiency of which is acknowledged
 and
excepting only the contractual obligations respecting future performance by the Lender arising under the Loan Agreement and the
Loan Documents
 each of the Borrowers hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Lender and each of its affiliates
subsidiaries
 successors
 assigns
 directors
 officers
 employees
 agents
 representatives and attorneys (each

Person
 losses
 claims
 demands
 liabilities
 obligations
 actions and causes of action whatsoever
which such Borrowers may now have or claim to have on and as of the date hereof against any Released Person
 whether presently
known or unknown
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 contingent or non-contingent
 and of every nature and extent
to the extent arising out of
 under or from the Loan Agreement
 Loan Documents and related transactions (collectively
&rdquo;).
Each Borrower jointly and severally represents and warrants to the Lender that it has not granted or purported to grant to any
other Person any interest whatsoever in any Claim
 as security or otherwise. The Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify
defend and hold harmless each Released Person from and against any and all Claims and any loss
 cost
 liability
 damage or expense
(including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and expenses) incurred by any Released Person in investigating
 preparing for
 defending
against
 providing evidence or producing documents in connection with or taking other action in respect of any commenced or threatened
Claim.


AGREES TO ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS
AND OBLIGATIONS WHICH ARE RELEASED
 WAIVED AND DISCHARGED BY THIS AMENDMENT. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES AND RELINQUISHES ALL RIGHTS
AND BENEFITS WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY CIVIL CODE OR ANY SIMILAR LAW
 TO THE EXTENT SUCH LAW MAY BE APPLICABLE
 WITH
REGARD TO THE RELEASE OF SUCH UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND
OBLIGATIONS. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LAWS MAY BE APPLICABLE
 EACH BORROWER WAIVES AND RELEASES ANY RIGHT OR DEFENSE WHICH IT MIGHT
OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY OTHER LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION WHICH MIGHT LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE EFFECTIVENESS OR SCOPE OF ANY
OF THEIR WAIVERS OR RELEASES HEREUNDER.










    
    



the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.





    
    

    
    

    
CIBC BANK USA FORMERLY KNOWN
AS THE PRIVATE BANK AND TRUST COMPANY

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
s/Christopher M. Trimbach
 Associate Managing Director&nbsp;&ndash; Commercial
Banking

    
    
    




Lifeway
Foods
 Inc.




    
    
    

    
    
    



Fresh
Made
 Inc. 




    
    
    

    
    
    



THE
LIFEWAY KEFIR SHOP LLC




    
    
    

    
    
    



LIFEWAY
WISCONSIN
 INC.




    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    


ANNEX
A








        
        
    
    
        

    
        
        
        
    
    
        

000
000.00

    
        
        
    
    
        

000
000.00













    
    











000

March 31
 2019

 Illinois



 for
value received
&rdquo;) and its registered assigns at its principal
office in Chicago
 Illinois the aggregate unpaid amount of all Loans made to the undersigned by Lender pursuant to the Loan and
Security Agreement referred to below (as shown on the schedule attached hereto (and any continuation thereof) or in the records
of Lender)
 such principal amount to be payable on the dates set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement.


promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such Loan is paid in full
payable at the rate(s) and at the time(s) set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement. Payments of both principal and interest
are to be made in lawful money of the United States of America.


indebtedness incurred under
 and is subject to the terms and provisions of
 the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
dated as of May 7
 2018 (as amended
 restated
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

Agreement
 between
the undersigned and Lender
 to which Loan and Security Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and provisions
under which this Note may or must be paid prior to its due date or its due date accelerated.


and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State.


 restates
and replaces in its entirety that certain Note dated May 7
 2018 executed and delivered by the undersigned in favor of the Lender
pursuant to the Loan Agreement (collectively
&rdquo;). Neither execution of this Note by the undersigned
nor cancellation of the Prior Note by the Lender shall be deemed or construed as a novation of the obligations of the undersigned
evidenced by the Prior Note
 all of which shall be and remain in full force and effect and evidenced by this Note.














    
    





    
Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
Fresh
Made
 Inc. 


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    






    
THE
LIFEWAY KEFIR SHOP LLC


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    






    
LIFEWAY
WISCONSIN
 INC.


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    













    












 INC.



     




Subsidiaries of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


Foods
 Inc. All of the voting stock of each subsidiary is 100% owned directly by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.



    
    

Fresh Made
 Inc.
    

    
    

Lifeway Foods Canada
 Inc.
Quebec
 Canada

    
    

The Lifeway Kefir Shop
 LLC
    

Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
    














     





Registered Public Accounting Firm


the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210463) of our report dated April 16
 2019
 with
respect to the consolidated financial statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 and for
each of the years then ended
 and our report dated April 16
 2019
 relating to the effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2018 of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. as of
and for the year ended December 31
 2018.




 Illinois

 2019














     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Julie Smolyansky
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;&nbsp;April 15
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President and
        Director
        
    















     





OFFICER


1350


SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Eric Hanson
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
&nbsp;April 15
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        
        
    














     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the SEC (the
&ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her knowledge:



    
    




    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;April 15
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        

 President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director
        
    















     





OFFICER


1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT

OF 2002


Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the period ended December 31
 2018 as filed with the SEC (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:



    
    

    
    

    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
&nbsp;April 15
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        
        
    














     




Lifeway Foods
 Inc. Announces Results
for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31
 2018 


Morton Grove
 IL &mdash; April 15
 2019
&mdash; Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (Nasdaq: LWAY)
 the leading U.S. supplier of kefir and fermented probiotic products to support the
microbiome
 today reported financial results for fourth quarter and year ended December 31
 2018.


 Lifeway&rsquo;s CEO commented
&ldquo;Our team continues to work diligently on our strategic long-term plan
 Lifeway 2.0
 to reinvigorate growth. We are pleased
with the initial steps we have taken in a very short period of time that are aligned with our key strategies to expand core kefir
product distribution
 build upon our introduction of convenient
 on-the-go health and wellness product innovation
 and enhance
consumer experiences to increase Lifeway brand trial
 awareness and consumption. We are also taking decisive actions across our
organization to align our corporate infrastructure with the return to growth that we aim to achieve over the next several years.
While certain of these efforts resulted in higher expenses late in 2018
 we expect Lifeway to realize greater efficiencies over
time. We believe we are well positioned for growth with our core product offerings and innovation pipeline
 including Plantiful
our new plant-based probiotic beverage that has created industry excitement. Our strong manufacturing
 sales and marketing foundation
is now set to execute our strategic growth plan and enhance value for all of our stakeholders.&rdquo;




ended December 31
 2018
 a decrease of $15.5 million or 13.1% versus the prior year. The decline was primarily due to volume/mix
of 16.6%
 partially offset by lower spend in trade promotion and allowances of 1.7%
 and partially offset by pricing gains of 1.8%.
The decline in volume/mix was primarily driven by volume softness in Lifeway&rsquo;s branded drinkable and ProBugs kefir
 partially
offset by the incremental volume of new item introductions. The volume decline reflects lower consumption of the Company&rsquo;s
products that is consistent with the overall volume decline in dairy and cultured dairy product categories. Pricing primarily includes
the favorable impact of a second quarter 2018 price increase to recover higher input costs. This increase was partially offset
by the lapping of a price reduction driven by the shift in delivery method for select customers in the first quarter 2017. The
favorable promotional activity reflects lower trade spending
 partially offset by the increased redemptions on the Company&rsquo;s
2018 coupon program.



was 25.0% for the year ended December 31
 2018. Gross profit percentage was 25.8% in the prior year. The decline versus the prior
year was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of operating leverage that arises from lower net sales relative to fixed costs
increased trade promotion investment
 and higher freight and fixed costs
 partially offset by an increase in pricing and a reduction
in variable costs. Additionally
 depreciation expense increased reflecting the continued investment in manufacturing improvements.
The Company incurred $0.1 million of direct labor severance expense in 2018 to reduce expense and create efficiencies in the Company&rsquo;s
manufacturing process.



or 18.8% to $13.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2018. The decrease versus the prior year
 primarily reflects a change
in media spending to reduce programs with lower efficiency. The primary driver was a reduction in television advertising spend
in 2018 compared to the prior year
 and to a lesser extent lower broker commissions and marketing spending. The reduction was partially
offset by severance expense. The Company incurred $0.3 million of selling severance expense in 2018 to align the organizational
structure and reduce expenses.



slightly lower for the year ended December 31
 2018 finishing at $13.6 million
 2.4% below the prior year. This reflects decreased
incentive compensation and bad debt expense
 partially offset by severance expense. The Company incurred $0.4 million of general
and administrative severance expense in 2018 to align its organizational structure and reduce expenses. As noted in the sections
above
 the Company incurred a total of $0.8 million of severance expense during fiscal year 2018
 primarily in the fourth quarter.


 the Company
incurred a total of $0.8 million of severance expense during fiscal year 2018
 primarily in the fourth quarter.





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2018 and 2017




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
998
4
978


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
220 and $2
010 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
6
276
8
676


 net
5
817
7
697

    
1
077
    

    
2
748
2
347

    
18
916
24
681

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
24
573
24
645

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
824
14
068


 net
    
    

    
13
168
15
043

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
56
807
64
519

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
166

    
4
570
6
848

    
2
777
2
984

    
    
    

    
7
453
13
201

    
5
995
    

    
    
3
113


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
402
17
929

    
    
    

    
    
    


 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2018 and 2017
    
    


 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
814 and 16
008 shares outstanding at 2018 and 2017
6
509
6
509

    
2
303
2
244


 at cost
(12
970
(11
812

    
46
563
49
649

    
42
405
46
590

    
    
    

    
56
807
64
519







    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the three months and twelve months
ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
(In thousands
 except per share data)



    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
23
032
26
257
103
350
118
893

    
    
    
    
    

    
17
234
20
495
74
646
85
757

    
    
    
2
846
2
440

    
17
937
21
134
77
492
88
197

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
095
5
123
25
858
30
696

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
940
4
947
13
477
16
595

    
3
765
3
212
13
616
13
955

    
1
244
    
1
244
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
8
090
8
327
28
968
31
222

    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
995
(3
204
(3
110
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
029
(3
263
(3
311
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(1
514
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
812
(1
749
(3
086
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
831
16
018
15
872
16
105

    
16
221
16
018
16
319
16
105





    
    


LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2018
and 2017




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
086
    

    
    
    

    
3
477
3
112

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
244
    

    
    
    

    
2
379
    

    
1
322
    

    
    
(2
038

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
278
1
130

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
417
3
808

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
824
(5
341

    
    
    

    
(2
720
(5
316

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
050
    

    
    
    

    
(1
379
(1
486

    
(6
279
    

    
(1
677
(2
326

    
    
    

    
(1
980
(3
834

    
    
    

    
4
978
8
812

    
    
    

    
2
998
4
978

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of refunds
    
2
382

    
    
    






    
    


About Lifeway Foods
 Inc.


 Inc.
 which has been
recognized as one of Forbes&rsquo; Best Small Companies
 is America&rsquo;s leading supplier of the probiotic
 fermented beverage
known as kefir. In addition to its line of drinkable kefir
 the company also produces the non-dairy Plantiful probiotic beverages
cupped kefir and skyr
 frozen kefir
 specialty cheeses
 probiotic supplements and a ProBugs line for kids. Lifeway&rsquo;s tart
and tangy fermented dairy and non-dairy products are now sold across North America
 Ireland and the United Kingdom. Learn how Lifeway
is good for more than just you at www.lifewaykefir.com.




oral statements made regarding the subjects of this release) contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding
 among other things
 future operating and financial performance
 product
development
 market position
 business strategy and objectives. These statements use words
 and variations of words
 such as &quot;expand
&quot;
&quot;build
&quot; &quot;enhance
&quot; &quot;take
&quot; &quot;action
&quot; &quot;align
&quot; &quot;return
&quot; &quot;aim
&quot;achieve
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;realize
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;position
&quot; &quot;grow
&quot; and
&quot;execute.&quot; Other examples of forward looking statements may include
 but are not limited to
 (i) statements of Company
plans and objectives
 including the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers or suppliers
(ii) statements of future economic performance
 and (III) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements
about Lifeway or its business. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on
current expectations of future events and thus are inherently subject to uncertainty. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize
 actual results could vary materially from Lifeway&rsquo;s expectations
and projections. These risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors include: price competition; the decisions of customers or consumers;
the actions of competitors; changes in the pricing of commodities; the effects of government regulation; possible delays in the
introduction of new products; and customer acceptance of products and services. A further list and description of these risks
uncertainties
 and other factors can be found in Lifeway&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2018
 and the Company&rsquo;s subsequent filings with the SEC. Copies of these filings are available online at https://www.sec.gov
http://lifewaykefir.com/investor-relations/
 or on request from Lifeway. Information in this release is as of the dates and time
periods indicated herein
 and Lifeway does not undertake to update any of the information contained in these materials
 except
as required by law. Accordingly
 YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON THE ACCURACY OF ANY OF THE STATEMENTS OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
ANY ARCHIVED PRESS RELEASE.




 Inc.








    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        





          


          




      


      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 the valuation&#13;of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation

 Segments
 Products and Customers).&#13;We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to&#13;our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery to our customers or their common carriers. The Company adopted this standard&#13;at the beginning of fiscal year 2018
 with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations
 using the&#13;modified retrospective method. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled&#13;to receive in exchange for these goods or services

 the contract is the approved&#13;sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The&#13;Company applies judgment in determining the customer&amp;#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors&#13;including the customer&amp;#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer


 which typically&#13;includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable&#13;products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such

 which have not been material



 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accounts receivable
 other receivables
&#13;accounts payable

 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories&#13;include raw materials
 direct labor


 plant and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired&#13;or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts




 such as a change in the&#13;competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant&#13;change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.&#13;If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed

 including&#13;property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net&#13;cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows

 capitalization of indirect costs&#13;for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&amp;#160;incentive compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 the allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts

 as well as all open tax years in these&#13;jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on&#13;technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.&#13;We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize&#13;the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in&#13;judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.&#13;For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been&#13;recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax&#13;examination activities

 2018 and 2017 total advertising expenses were $4
518 and $7
402

 2018 and 2017

 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#160;2018-07
&amp;#160;Improvements&#13;to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting&lt;i&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;The new guidance is intended to simplify aspects of accounting for share-based&#13;payments to nonemployees by aligning it with the accounting for share-based payments to employees
 with certain exceptions. The&#13;new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods&#13;within those years. Early adoption is permitted

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.&#13;The new guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to&#13;the terms of or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to&#13;the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This guidance&#13;was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-04

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address&#13;the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash&#13;flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds&#13;from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. This guidance was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure&#13;equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to&#13;measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and&#13;recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. This guidance was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
&#13;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-09&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition&#13;process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either&#13;&amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified&#13;retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.&#13;ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows&#13;from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one-year delay of the effective date to reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective&#13;date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date&#13;and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under&#13;the delayed effective date
 this guidance was effective January 1
 2018. We adopted the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified&#13;retrospective basis. The adoption of this amendment had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#13;has revised its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements&#13;of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section above and Note 11
 Segment
&#13;Products

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which affects any entity that enters into a lease (as that term is defined in ASU 2016-02)
 with some&#13;specified scope exceptions. Under ASU 2016-02
 companies can adopt the amended guidance using a modified retrospective transition&#13;approach
 using an application date of either the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the&#13;reporting period in which the companies first apply the new standard. We adopted this standard on January 1
 2019 using the an&#13;application date of January 1
 2019
 and elected certain practical expedients allowed under the standard. In July 2018
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2018-11
 Leases (842)
 Targeted Improvements
 which provides an additional transition election to not restate comparative&#13;periods for the effects of applying the new standard. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities&#13;in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments&#13;and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized&#13;in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the&#13;lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance&#13;is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018

 this&#13;practical expedient allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification
 and not reassess initial direct costs for any&#13;existing leases as of January 1
 2019 or reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases. In addition
&#13;we are electing to adopt the hindsight practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases.&#13;We will make an accounting policy election to continue recording leases with an initial term of 12 months or less consistent with&#13;our prior financial reporting and elect the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company has revised&#13;its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting

 since all of our leases are operating leases under ASC 840 and we will carryforward the&#13;historical lease classification
 the new standard will have no immediate
 material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations
&#13;Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity
 or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are in the process of finalizing&#13;our review of contracts and calculating the impact of the new standard on our balance sheet. We expect the adoption to result in&#13;increase of assets of approximately $745 and liabilities of $772 as of January 1


 the valuation&#13;of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation


 Segments
 Products and Customers).&#13;We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to&#13;our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery to our customers or their common carriers. The Company adopted this standard&#13;at the beginning of fiscal year 2018
 with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations
 using the&#13;modified retrospective method. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled&#13;to receive in exchange for these goods or services

 the contract is the approved&#13;sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The&#13;Company applies judgment in determining the customer&amp;#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors&#13;including the customer&amp;#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer


 which typically&#13;includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable&#13;products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such


 which have not been material





 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in inactive markets

 accounts receivable
 other receivables
&#13;accounts payable


 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories&#13;include raw materials
 direct labor



 plant and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired&#13;or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts


    



    

 such as a change in the&#13;competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant&#13;change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.&#13;If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed

 including&#13;property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net&#13;cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows


 capitalization of indirect costs&#13;for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&amp;#160;incentive compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 the allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts

 as well as all open tax years in these&#13;jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on&#13;technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.&#13;We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize&#13;the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in&#13;judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.&#13;For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been&#13;recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax&#13;examination activities

    
    

 2018 and 2017 total advertising expenses were $4
518 and $7
402


 2018 and 2017


 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#160;2018-07
&amp;#160;Improvements&#13;to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting&lt;i&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;The new guidance is intended to simplify aspects of accounting for share-based&#13;payments to nonemployees by aligning it with the accounting for share-based payments to employees
 with certain exceptions. The&#13;new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods&#13;within those years. Early adoption is permitted

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.&#13;The new guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to&#13;the terms of or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to&#13;the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This guidance&#13;was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-04

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address&#13;the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash&#13;flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds&#13;from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. This guidance was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure&#13;equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to&#13;measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and&#13;recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. This guidance was effective January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
&#13;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-09&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition&#13;process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either&#13;&amp;#8220;full retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &amp;#8220;modified&#13;retrospective&amp;#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.&#13;ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows&#13;from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one-year delay of the effective date to reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective&#13;date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date&#13;and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under&#13;the delayed effective date
 this guidance was effective January 1
 2018. We adopted the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified&#13;retrospective basis. The adoption of this amendment had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#13;has revised its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements&#13;of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section above and Note 11
 Segment
&#13;Products


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which affects any entity that enters into a lease (as that term is defined in ASU 2016-02)
 with some&#13;specified scope exceptions. Under ASU 2016-02
 companies can adopt the amended guidance using a modified retrospective transition&#13;approach
 using an application date of either the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the&#13;reporting period in which the companies first apply the new standard. We adopted this standard on January 1
 2019 using the an&#13;application date of January 1
 2019
 and elected certain practical expedients allowed under the standard. In July 2018
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU No. 2018-11
 Leases (842)
 Targeted Improvements
 which provides an additional transition election to not restate comparative&#13;periods for the effects of applying the new standard. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities&#13;in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments&#13;and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized&#13;in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the&#13;lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance&#13;is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018

 this&#13;practical expedient allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification
 and not reassess initial direct costs for any&#13;existing leases as of January 1
 2019 or reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases. In addition
&#13;we are electing to adopt the hindsight practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases.&#13;We will make an accounting policy election to continue recording leases with an initial term of 12 months or less consistent with&#13;our prior financial reporting and elect the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company has revised&#13;its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting

 since all of our leases are operating leases under ASC 840 and we will carryforward the&#13;historical lease classification
 the new standard will have no immediate
 material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations
&#13;Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity
 or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are in the process of finalizing&#13;our review of contracts and calculating the impact of the new standard on our balance sheet. We expect the adoption to result in&#13;increase of assets of approximately $745 and liabilities of $772 as of January 1



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
580&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
165&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
527&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;5
817&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;7


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
580&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
717&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
165&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
527&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total inventories
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;5
817&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;7


 Plant and Equipment


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
260&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
692&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27
539&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;734&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;51
280&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;49
864&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(25
219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;24
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;24


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;17
260&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
692&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27
539&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;901&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;734&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Construction in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;51
280&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;49
864&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(25
219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;24
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;24


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Recipes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Trade names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Formula&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(7
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(7
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Intangible assets

    

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;2
208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Real estate taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Payroll and incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;1
937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;2
208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Real estate taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;398&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;2
832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
447&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total term loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(3
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3


 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases. Total lease expense&#13;was $769 and $702 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Future annual minimum base rental payments under&#13;non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31

&#13;claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities

 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that&#13;would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
&#13;we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually&#13;or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&amp;#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding&#13;legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&#13;However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have&#13;a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition

 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status&#13;of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)&#13;the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings&#13;involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws&#13;are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status&#13;of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable&#13;certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies

    



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
062&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
062&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;595&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment impairment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;448&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;355&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1

    

 Lifeway stockholders&#13;approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards&#13;of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and&#13;performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock&#13;awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The&#13;number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have&#13;been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2018
 3.467 million&#13;shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least&#13;annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including&#13;issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units

&#13;Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &amp;#8220;2016&#13;options&amp;#8221;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period


 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10.45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;10.73&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;7.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at December 31

 2018 and&#13;2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $9 and $41
 respectively.&#13;For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of $3 and $17 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
&#13;the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock options was $1


 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 63%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31

 2018 and 2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated&#13;statements of operations was $47 and $18
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of&#13;$13 and $7
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested&#13;RSA&amp;#8217;s was $81


 collectively the participants&#13;had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&amp;#8217;s&#13;performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&amp;#8217;s performance compared to their individual&#13;objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the&#13;three years from the 2017 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $636 was expensed under the 2017 Plan as stock-based&#13;compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation&#13;earned by participants and expensed under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled through the issuance of stock
 subject&#13;to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation recognized in the&#13;consolidated statement of operations under the 2017 Plan was $2
516. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation&#13;related to the 2017 Plan was $336
 of which $287 and $49 is expected to be recognized in 2019 and 2020
 respectively

 collectively the participants&#13;have the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
200 depending on Lifeway&amp;#8217;s&#13;performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&amp;#8217;s performance compared to their individual&#13;objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the&#13;three years from the 2018 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $76 was expensed under the 2018 Plan as cash bonus&#13;expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There were no equity-based incentive earnings under the 2018 plan during&#13;the year ended December 31

 2018 and 2017 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated&#13;statements of operations was $417 and $376


 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10.45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;10.73&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10.42&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;7.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at December 31

    

 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 63%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Shares issued upon vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31

















 2015
 Lifeway&amp;#8217;s&#13;Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&amp;#8221;) under which we may
&#13;from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or&#13;250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2017 amendment&amp;#8221;)
 by adding&#13;to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of&#13;$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without&#13;limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
&#13;including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases&#13;its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements&#13;and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be&#13;terminated
 suspended
 increased

&#13;during the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company repurchased 218 shares at a cost of $1
379 or approximately $6.33 per share.&#13;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately $10.07 per share.&#13;Approximately $4
503 remained available under this program as of December 31


 2019
 effective March 31
&#13;2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Modified&#13;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit Facility provides&#13;for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Loan&amp;#8221;) with an incremental facility not&#13;to exceed $5 million (the &amp;#8220;Incremental Facility&amp;#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan

 based on a level of the Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio
 at Lifeway&amp;#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate&#13;(the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.0% to 0.5%
 or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.25% to 3.00%
 payable monthly&#13;in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of&#13;credit

 the Modified Revolving Credit&#13;Facility contains customary representations
 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring&#13;us to achieve a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2019
 and maintain a fixed charge&#13;coverage ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.0 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving&#13;Credit Facility also provides for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to&#13;perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;14

 we early adopted ASU 2017-04
&amp;#160;Intangibles&#13;&amp;#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment

 and the relief-from-royalty&#13;method with respect to our indefinite-lived brand names. These valuation approaches are dependent upon a number of factors
 including&#13;estimates of future growth and trends
 royalty rates in the category of intellectual property
 discount rates and other variables.&#13;Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating plans
 as well as other factors&#13;and assumptions
 and significant management judgment. Additionally
 under the market approach analysis
 we used significant other&#13;observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair value&#13;estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable

 2018
 the Company recorded impairment losses of $1
244. The goodwill impairment loss is&#13;included in Goodwill impairment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2018
 the gross carrying&#13;value of goodwill was&amp;#160;$10
368&amp;#160;and accumulated goodwill impairment was&amp;#160;$1



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Recipes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;985&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Trade names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Formula&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(7
900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(7
269&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Intangible assets



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;9
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;10
368&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Brand names&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 11.25pt&gt;Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;12
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;14

    
    

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2018. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;2
832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Variable rate term loan due May 31
 2019. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
447&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total term loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(3
166&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3


 2018
 Lifeway entered into an&#13;Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) with its existing lender. The Revolving&#13;Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $10 million (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Loan&amp;#8221;) with&#13;an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &amp;#8220;Incremental Facility&amp;#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
&#13;the &amp;#8220;Loans&amp;#8221;). The proceeds of the Loans were used to pay off Lifeway&amp;#8217;s existing debt with the lender under the&#13;Loan and Security Agreement
 Revolving Note
 and Term Note entered into on February 6
 2009
 and for general working capital purposes.&#13;Upon closing

 2018
 we had $5
995
&#13;net of $55 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had approximately $3
950&#13;available under the Borrowing Base for future borrowings as of December 31

 at Lifeway&amp;#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%
&#13;or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.50%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line&#13;fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee. Lifeway&amp;#8217;s average interest rate&#13;on debt outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility for the period May 7
 2018 through December 31
 2018 was 4.79%. The weighted-average&#13;interest rate on debt outstanding at December 31

 2021. The Revolving Credit Facility is presented as a long-term debt obligation as of December 31

 or (ii) $10 million (plus the amount&#13;of any Incremental Facility requested by Lifeway and approved by lender)
 in each case
 as the same is reduced by the aggregate&#13;principal amount outstanding under the Loans. &amp;#8220;Borrowing Base&amp;#8221; under the Revolving Credit Facility means
 generally
&#13;an amount equal to our cash and cash equivalents plus our eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory
 less certain reserves

 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to achieve&#13;a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2018; maintain (a) a fixed charge coverage ratio&#13;of no less than 1.25 to 1.0
 and (b) a Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio of not more than 3.00 to 1.0 at December 31
 2018 and for each&#13;of the succeeding fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for events of&#13;default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to perform or violation of the provisions or covenants&#13;of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Revolving Credit Facility may be accelerated. We were not in compliance&#13;with the minimum EBITDA and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants at December 31
 2018
 but we have obtained a waiver of those&#13;covenants as of that date. The revolving credit facility was amended on April 10
 2019
 effective March 31


 2017
 the Tax Cuts and&#13;Jobs Act (the &amp;#8220;Act&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
&#13;reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax&#13;system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction

 prepared
 or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain&#13;income tax effects of the Tax Act. To the extent that a company&amp;#8217;s accounting for the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able&#13;to provide a reasonable estimate

 2017
 the&#13;Company recorded an estimate of the provisions of the Act and recognized a $378 discrete net tax benefit in our 2017 financial&#13;statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the new tax rate. As of December 31
 2018



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax liabilities attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
062&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
062&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets attributable to:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;595&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward &amp;#38; investment impairment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Incentive compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;448&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;355&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;109&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1

 our calendar year 2015 and subsequent&#13;federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the&#13;annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31

 respectively. The amount of accrued interest&#13;and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $19 and $171 at December 31
 2018 and 2017





 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive&#13;blend of kefir cultures

 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2018
 Lifeway&#13;offered approximately 20 varieties of our kefir products including more than 60 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir&#13;products
 we offer several lines of products developed through our innovation and development efforts. These include Kefir Cups
&#13;a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in&#13;resealable 5 oz. containers. We also offer Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt; Plantiful

 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)


 which consists primarily of cream

 a line of kefir products in drinkable and frozen formats

 which&#13;    includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr


 who is responsible for allocating&#13;resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
&#13;the Chief Executive Officer















 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Two major customers accounted&#13;for approximately 17% and 19% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Our ten largest customers&#13;as a group accounted for approximately 59% of net sales for the years ended December 31


000 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

 not to exceed&#13;$50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated&#13;statements of operations and were $587 and $600 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Plant and Equipment

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Individual Contracts



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
220 and $2
010 at December 31
 2018 and 2017







      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



 no par value; 2




 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
814 and 16



      






      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

























      


      

      











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 Plant and Equipment











      


      


      


      


      


      









      

      


      


      

      


      


      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      







 net



      






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      





      


      


      






      


      


      





      



 options outstanding















 options outstanding































      










      






      


      


      





      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      







      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      







      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      








 Plant and Equipment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant








      


 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



 Property









 Gross





      








 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options


      













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2018
Mar. 15
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018













 Inc.



























  2018





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



762
801











411
889





























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











998


978



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts and allowances of $1
220 and $2
010 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively

276


676



Inventories
 net

817


697





077







748


347





916


681



Property and equipment
 net

573


645












824


068



Other intangible assets
 net








168


043












807


519














166





570


848





777


984












453


201





995









113



Deferred income taxes
 net















402


929










Preferred stock
 no par value; 2
500 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at 2018 and 2017






Common stock
 no par value; 40
000 shares authorized; 17
274 shares issued; 15
814 and 16
008 shares outstanding at 2018 and 2017

509


509





303


244



Treasury stock
 at cost

970)


812)





563


649





405


590





807


519

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
























































Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











220


010










Preferred stock
 no par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

500


500



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 no par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

814


008







For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.









































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











350


893





646


757





846


440





492


197





858


696





477


595





616


955





244














968


222





110)










































311)














086)





















872


105





319


105







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))















































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands







Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

274











Beginning Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2016



120)









Beginning Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2016

509


340)


198


995


362



Treasury stock purchased
 Shares












Treasury stock purchased
 Amount



486)






486)



Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares



















































Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2017

274











Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2017



266)









Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2017

509


812)


244


649


590



Treasury stock purchased
 Shares












Treasury stock purchased
 Amount



379)






379)



Issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation
 shares














































086)


086)



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2018

274











Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2018



460)









Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2018

509


970)


303


563


405




































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











086)














477


112






















































244














379







322









038)



















278)


130



















417


808


























824)


341)












720)


316)












050














379)


486)





279)







677)


326)





980)


834)





978


812





998


978










Cash paid for income taxes
 net of refunds



382










































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.













































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of expense or loss included in net income that result in no cash flow
 classified as other.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]









statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). Our consolidated financial statements include all of the assets
 liabilities and results
of operations of Lifeway&#8217;s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively &#8220;Lifeway&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018








Note 2 &#8211; Summary of significant
accounting policies 




statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.




select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 11
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to
our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery to our customers or their common carriers. The Company adopted this standard
at the beginning of fiscal year 2018
 with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations
 using the
modified retrospective method. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled
to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.


are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.




with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition.




investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.




following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.




cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the
assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


 plant and equipment is being
depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite lived
intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.



combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other intangible assets over
their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the
competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant
change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.
If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset
is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.


 including
property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There were no indicators of tangible asset impairment in 2018 or 2017.




temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different
periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year
in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
classified on a net basis as non-current.


are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 capitalization of indirect costs
for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;incentive compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 the allowance
for doubtful accounts
 and the newly enacted interest expense limitations.


all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on
technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.
We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize
the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in
judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.
For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been
recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax
examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes
in the consolidated statements of operations.




for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant.




method.




For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total advertising expenses were $4
518 and $7
402
 respectively.




is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common
stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 0 common stock equivalents
outstanding.




 the FASB issued ASU&#160;2018-07
&#160;Improvements
The new guidance is intended to simplify aspects of accounting for share-based
payments to nonemployees by aligning it with the accounting for share-based payments to employees
 with certain exceptions. The
new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods
within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&#8217;s adoptions of Topic 606. We adopted this
new standard in June 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#34;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.
The new guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to
the terms of or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to
the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This guidance
was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance simplifies the subsequent
measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform
its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity
still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test
is necessary. The Company adopted the new standard on a prospective basis through our test for goodwill impairment in the fourth
quarter of 2018. See note 5 for further discussion and the results of our test for goodwill impairment.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address
the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash
flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment
had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure
equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to
measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and
recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018.
The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition
process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either
&#8220;full retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified
retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.
ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows
from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one-year delay of the effective date to reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective
date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date
and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under
the delayed effective date
 this guidance was effective January 1
 2018. We adopted the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified
retrospective basis. The adoption of this amendment had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company
has revised its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements
of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section above and Note 11
 Segment
Products
 and Customers for additional information.




 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which affects any entity that enters into a lease (as that term is defined in ASU 2016-02)
 with some
specified scope exceptions. Under ASU 2016-02
 companies can adopt the amended guidance using a modified retrospective transition
approach
 using an application date of either the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the
reporting period in which the companies first apply the new standard. We adopted this standard on January 1
 2019 using the an
application date of January 1
 2019
 and elected certain practical expedients allowed under the standard. In July 2018
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2018-11
 Leases (842)
 Targeted Improvements
 which provides an additional transition election to not restate comparative
periods for the effects of applying the new standard. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities
in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments
and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized
in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the
lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance
is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those
years.


expedients that are permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02 and related standards. Among other things
 this
practical expedient allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification
 and not reassess initial direct costs for any
existing leases as of January 1
 2019 or reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases. In addition
we are electing to adopt the hindsight practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases.
We will make an accounting policy election to continue recording leases with an initial term of 12 months or less consistent with
our prior financial reporting and elect the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company has revised
its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic
842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.


in ASU 2016-02 and current GAAP is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified
as operating leases under current GAAP. Recognition of the assets and liabilities will have a material impact to our consolidated
balance sheets upon adoption. However
 since all of our leases are operating leases under ASC 840 and we will carryforward the
historical lease classification
 the new standard will have no immediate
 material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity
 or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are in the process of finalizing
our review of contracts and calculating the impact of the new standard on our balance sheet. We expect the adoption to result in
increase of assets of approximately $745 and liabilities of $772 as of January 1
 2019.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





3. Inventories
 net


Dec. 31
 2018








Note 3 &#8211; Inventories
 net





    



    
    
    

    
1
580
1
717

    
2
072
2
453

    
2
165
3
527


 net
5
817
7
697





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment

Note 4 &#8211; Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


 plant and equipment consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
520
17
260

    
29
692
27
539

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
683

    
51
280
49
864

    
(26
707
(25
219


 plant and equipment
 net
24
573
24
645





































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











assets consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
9
124
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
14
068



goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as of the fourth quarter and on an interim basis when circumstances
arise that indicate a possible impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2018
 we early adopted ASU 2017-04
&#160;Intangibles
&#8212; Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
 which simplifies the subsequent measurement of
goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test.


analysis for our single reporting unit during the fourth quarter of&#160;2018. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. We estimate fair value using widely accepted valuation
techniques including discounted cash flows and market multiples analysis with respect to our single reporting unit
 and the relief-from-royalty
method with respect to our indefinite-lived brand names. These valuation approaches are dependent upon a number of factors
 including
estimates of future growth and trends
 royalty rates in the category of intellectual property
 discount rates and other variables.
Assumptions used in our valuations were consistent with our internal projections and operating plans
 as well as other factors
and assumptions
 and significant management judgment. Additionally
 under the market approach analysis
 we used significant other
observable inputs including various guideline company comparisons. We base our fair value
estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable
 but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates
or assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and the conclusions of the step one analysis for our one
reporting unit.


impairment analysis as of December 31
 2018
 the Company recorded impairment losses of $1
244. The goodwill impairment loss is
included in Goodwill impairment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of&#160;December&#160;31
 2018
 the gross carrying
value of goodwill was&#160;$10
368&#160;and accumulated goodwill impairment was&#160;$1
244.


assessment on the indefinite-lived intangible asset as of December 31
 2018 resulting in no impairment losses.




 net consisted
of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
900
(7
269


 net
    
    



expense related to amortizable intangible assets as of December 31
 2018 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018














    



    
    
    

    
1
937
2
208

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
777
2
984










 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018














    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
2
832

    
    
    


 2019. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
3
447

    
    
6
279

    
    
(3
166

    
    
3
113



to interest at the prime rate or at the LIBOR plus 2.5% and were collateralized by substantially all of Lifeway&#8217;s assets.
The two term loans were refinanced and paid in full on May 7
 2018. See Line of Credit below.




 2018
 Lifeway entered into an
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with its existing lender. The Revolving
Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $10 million (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) with
an incremental facility not to exceed $5 million (the &#8220;Incremental Facility&#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
the &#8220;Loans&#8221;). The proceeds of the Loans were used to pay off Lifeway&#8217;s existing debt with the lender under the
Loan and Security Agreement
 Revolving Note
 and Term Note entered into on February 6
 2009
 and for general working capital purposes.
Upon closing
 we retired all the then-outstanding term loans described above.


 2018
 we had $5
995
net of $55 of unamortized deferred financing costs
 outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had approximately $3
950
available under the Borrowing Base for future borrowings as of December 31
 2018.


bear interest
 at Lifeway&#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate (the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%
or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.50%
 payable monthly in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line
fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of credit
 a letter of credit fee. Lifeway&#8217;s average interest rate
on debt outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility for the period May 7
 2018 through December 31
 2018 was 4.79%. The weighted-average
interest rate on debt outstanding at December 31
 2018 was 4.98%.


Facility matures May 7
 2021. The Revolving Credit Facility is presented as a long-term debt obligation as of December 31
 2018.
The Loans and all other amounts due and owed under the Revolving Credit Facility and related documents are secured by substantially
all of our assets.


the Revolving Credit Facility equal the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base (as defined below)
 or (ii) $10 million (plus the amount
of any Incremental Facility requested by Lifeway and approved by lender)
 in each case
 as the same is reduced by the aggregate
principal amount outstanding under the Loans. &#8220;Borrowing Base&#8221; under the Revolving Credit Facility means
 generally
an amount equal to our cash and cash equivalents plus our eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory
 less certain reserves
divided by 1.5.


customary representations
 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring us to achieve
a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2018; maintain (a) a fixed charge coverage ratio
of no less than 1.25 to 1.0
 and (b) a Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio of not more than 3.00 to 1.0 at December 31
 2018 and for each
of the succeeding fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for events of
default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to perform or violation of the provisions or covenants
of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Revolving Credit Facility may be accelerated. We were not in compliance
with the minimum EBITDA and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants at December 31
 2018
 but we have obtained a waiver of those
covenants as of that date. The revolving credit facility was amended on April 10
 2019
 effective March 31
 2019. See Note 14 for
discussion of this subsequent event.&#160;



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













its Lifeway Kefir Shop subsidiary
 certain machinery and equipment
 and office space under operating leases. Total lease expense
was $769 and $702 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Future annual minimum base rental payments under
non-cancelable leases with a lease term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2018 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





claims
 and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including commercial disputes
 product liabilities
 intellectual
property matters and employment-related matters resulting from our business activities.


matters when we believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. We
evaluate
 on a periodic basis
 developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that
would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable
we do not establish an accrued liability. Currently
 none of our accruals for outstanding legal matters are material individually
or in the aggregate to our financial position and it is management&#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these outstanding
legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
However
 if we ultimately are required to make payments in connection with an adverse outcome
 it is possible that it could have
a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.


to substantial uncertainties
 including for each such contingency the following
 among other factors: (i) the procedural status
of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv)
the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings
involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws
are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages
 which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status
of settlement discussions
 if any
 and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently
 Lifeway cannot predict with any reasonable
certainty the timing or outcome of such contingencies
 and we are unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2017
 the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) was signed into law. The Act significantly changed U.S. income tax law by
 among other things
reducing the U.S. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 transitioning from a global tax system to a modified territorial tax
system
 eliminating the domestic manufacturing deduction
 reduction in the dividend received deduction
 and limiting the tax deductions
for interest expense and certain executive compensation.


No. 118 (&#34;SAB 118&#34;) to address the application of US GAAP in situations where a registrant does not have the necessary
information available
 prepared
 or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain
income tax effects of the Tax Act. To the extent that a company&#8217;s accounting for the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able
to provide a reasonable estimate
 it must record a provisional amount in the financial statements. SAB 118 provides a measurement
period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC
740.


 2017
 the
Company recorded an estimate of the provisions of the Act and recognized a $378 discrete net tax benefit in our 2017 financial
statements arising from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the new tax rate. As of December 31
 2018
 there
have been no changes to the provisional estimate.


consists of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




tax rate used in the provision for income taxes is as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    



income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
673
    

    
    
    



amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax as well as income tax in multiple state and city jurisdictions. With limited exceptions
 our calendar year 2015 and subsequent
federal and state tax years remain open by statute. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the
annual effective tax rate was not significant as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.


in the consolidated statements of operations was $0 and $152 during 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The amount of accrued interest
and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets was $19 and $171 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






Note 10 &#8211; Stock-based and Other
Compensation


 Lifeway stockholders
approved the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 3.5 million shares to satisfy awards
of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 unrestricted stock
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares and
performance units to qualifying employees. Under the Plan
 the Board or its Audit and Corporate Governance Committee approves stock
awards to executive officers and certain senior executives
 generally in the form of restricted stock or performance shares. The
number of performance shares that participants may earn depends on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have
been achieved. Stock awards generally vest over a three-year performance or service period. At December 31
 2018
 3.467 million
shares remain available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. While we plan to continue to issue awards pursuant to the Plan at least
annually
 we may choose to suspend the issuance of new awards in the future and may grant additional awards at any time including
issuing special grants of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
&#160;and&#160;stock options to attract and retain new and existing
executives.




Lifeway granted 26 stock options to certain key employees effective January 1
 2016 and 24 stock options on July 1
 2016 (the &#8220;2016
options&#8221;). The 2016 options generally vest over a three-year period
 on a relatively accelerated basis. The accelerated vesting
reflects the landmark nature of the awards and the relative tenure of individual participants.


activity during the year ended December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2018
    
    
    
    

    
 2018
    
    
    
    



 2018 and
2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was $9 and $41
 respectively.
For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of $3 and $17 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested stock options was $1
 which is expected to be amortized over the
weighted-average remaining service period of 0.50 years.


using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of options granted was based on the weighted average time of vesting
and the end of the contractual term. We utilized this simplified method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to
provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term.


grants:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





Stock Awards (&#8220;RSAs&#8221;) to certain non-employee directors in June 2018 vesting over a three-year service period. We also
approved awards of 16 RSA&#8217;s to employees during 2018. An RSA represents the right to receive one share of common stock in
the future. RSAs have no exercise price.


ended December 31
 2018:



    
    

    
    

    
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2018
    

    
    



period. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $47 and $18
 respectively. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 tax-related benefits of
$13 and $7
 respectively
 were also recognized. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation related to non-vested
RSA&#8217;s was $81
 which is expected to be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.32 years.




compensation program for fiscal year 2017 (the &#8220;2017 Plan&#8221;) for certain senior executives and key employees (the &#8220;participants&#8221;).
We established a similar plan for participants for fiscal year 2018 (the &#8220;2018 Plan&#8221;). Under both the 2017 Plan and
the 2018 Plan
 long-term incentive compensation is based on Lifeway&#8217;s achievement of certain sales and adjusted EBITDA performance
levels versus respective targets established by the Board for each fiscal year.


 collectively the participants
had the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
025 depending on Lifeway&#8217;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&#8217;s performance compared to their individual
objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the
three years from the 2017 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $636 was expensed under the 2017 Plan as stock-based
compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation
earned by participants and expensed under the plan was $3
589 of which $1
610 will be settled through the issuance of stock
 subject
to vesting
 and $1
979 will be settled in cash. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 incentive compensation recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations under the 2017 Plan was $2
516. As of December 31
 2018
 the total remaining unearned compensation
related to the 2017 Plan was $336
 of which $287 and $49 is expected to be recognized in 2019 and 2020
 respectively
 subject to
vesting.


 collectively the participants
have the opportunity to earn cash and equity-based incentive compensation in amounts ranging from $0 to $11
200 depending on Lifeway&#8217;s
performance levels compared to the respective targets and the senior executive&#8217;s performance compared to their individual
objectives. The equity portion of the incentive compensation is payable in restricted stock that vests one-third in each of the
three years from the 2018 grant dates. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 $76 was expensed under the 2018 Plan as cash bonus
expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There were no equity-based incentive earnings under the 2018 plan during
the year ended December 31
 2018.




which is available to substantially all full-time employees. Under the terms of the plan we match employee contributions under
a prescribed formula. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total contribution expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations was $417 and $376
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers


Dec. 31
 2018






Segments
 Products and Customers

Note 11 &#8211; Segments
 Products and Customers


kefir
 a cultured dairy product. Lifeway Kefir is tart and tangy
 high in protein
 calcium and vitamin D. Thanks to our exclusive
blend of kefir cultures
 each cup of kefir contains 12 live and active cultures and 15 to 20 billion beneficial CFU (Colony Forming
Units) at the time of manufacture.


our products under our own brand
 as well as under private labels on behalf of certain customers. As of December 31
 2018
 Lifeway
offered approximately 20 varieties of our kefir products including more than 60 flavors. In addition to our core drinkable kefir
products
 we offer several lines of products developed through our innovation and development efforts. These include Kefir Cups
a strained
 cupped version of our kefir; and Organic Farmer Cheese Cups
 a cupped version of our soft cheeses
 both served in
resealable 5 oz. containers. We also offer Skyr
 a strained cupped Icelandic yogurt; Plantiful
 a plant-based probiotic beverage
made from organic and non-GMO pea protein with 10 vegan kefir cultures; a line of probiotic supplements for adults and children;
and a soft serve kefir mix.





    
    
Drinkable Kefir
 sold in a variety of organic and non-organic sizes
 flavors
 and types
 including low fat
 non-fat
 whole milk
 protein
 BioKefir (a 3.5 oz. kefir with additional probiotic cultures)
 and Kefir with Oats.

    
    
    

    
    
European-style soft cheeses
 including farmer cheese in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Cream and other
 which consists primarily of cream
 a byproduct of making our kefir.

    
    
    

    
    
ProBugs
 a line of kefir products in drinkable and frozen formats
 designed for children.

    
    
    

    
    
Other Dairy
 which
    includes Cupped Kefir and Icelandic Skyr
 a line of strained kefir and yogurt products in resealable cups.

    
    
    

    
    
Frozen Kefir
 available in both bars and pint-size containers.



reportable segment based on how our chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal
reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing our performance
 has been identified collectively as the Chief Financial Officer
 the Chief Operating Officer
the Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairperson of the board of directors. Substantially all of our consolidated revenues relate to
the sale of cultured dairy products that we produce using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumers through a
common network of distributors and retailers in the United States.


as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
78
523
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
486
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
276
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
527
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
836
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
138
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
795
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
537
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
661
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
103
350
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
893
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    


 &#8211;
Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 21% and 22% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 17% and 19% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Our ten largest customers
as a group accounted for approximately 59% of net sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.&#160;



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2015
 Lifeway&#8217;s
Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2015 stock repurchase program&#8221;) under which we may
from time to time
 repurchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed the lesser of $3
500 or
250 shares. On November 1
 2017
 the Board amended the 2015 stock repurchase program (the &#8220;2017 amendment&#8221;)
 by adding
to (i.e.
 exclusive of the shares previously authorized under the 2015 stock repurchase program) the authorization the lesser of
$5
185 or 625 shares. Under the amended authorization
 share repurchases may be executed through various means
 including without
limitation in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations
including without limitation Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The extent to which Lifeway repurchases
its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors
 including market conditions
 regulatory requirements
and other corporate considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares
 and the program may be
terminated
 suspended
 increased
 or decreased by our Board in its discretion at any time.


during the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company repurchased 218 shares at a cost of $1
379 or approximately $6.33 per share.
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company repurchased 148 shares at a cost of $1
486 or approximately $10.07 per share.
Approximately $4
503 remained available under this program as of December 31
 2018.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











the Chairperson of its Board of Directors. Fees earned by the Chairperson are included in general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were $1
000 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


with the Chairperson under which we pay the Chairperson a royalty based on the sale of certain Lifeway products
 not to exceed
$50 in any fiscal month. Royalties earned by the Chairperson are included in selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and were $587 and $600 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2019
 effective March 31
2019
 Lifeway entered into the First Modification to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;Modified
Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with its existing lender. Under the amendment
 the Modified Revolving Credit Facility provides
for a revolving line of credit up to a maximum of $9 million (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) with an incremental facility not
to exceed $5 million (the &#8220;Incremental Facility&#8221; and together with the Revolving Loan
 the &#8220;Loans&#8221;).


bear interest
 based on a level of the Senior Debt to EBITDA ratio
 at Lifeway&#8217;s election
 at either the lender Base Rate
(the greater of either the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.0% to 0.5%
 or the Prime Rate) or the LIBOR plus 2.25% to 3.00%
 payable monthly
in arrears. Lifeway is also required to pay a quarterly unused line fee and
 in conjunction with the issuance of any letters of
credit
 a letter of credit fee.


 the Modified Revolving Credit
Facility contains customary representations
 warranties
 and covenants on the part of Lifeway
 including financial covenants requiring
us to achieve a minimum EBITDA threshold for each of the fiscal quarters through December 31
 2019
 and maintain a fixed charge
coverage ratio of no less than 1.25 to 1.0 each of the fiscal quarters ending through the expiration date. The Modified Revolving
Credit Facility also provides for events of default
 including failure to repay principal and interest when due and failure to
perform or violation of the provisions or covenants of the agreement
 as a result of which amounts due under the Modified Revolving
Credit Facility may be accelerated.


of $4
720 at the time of the modification.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the reserve for promotional allowances
 the valuation
of goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based and incentive compensation
 and deferred income taxes.








select product categories to customers predominantly within the United States (see Note 11
 Segments
 Products and Customers).
We also sell bulk cream
 a byproduct of our fluid milk manufacturing process. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 we recognize revenue when control over the products transfers to
our customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery to our customers or their common carriers. The Company adopted this standard
at the beginning of fiscal year 2018
 with no significant impact to its financial position or results of operations
 using the
modified retrospective method. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled
to receive in exchange for these goods or services
 using the five-step method required by ASC 606.


 the contract is the approved
sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers. The
Company applies judgment in determining the customer&#8217;s ability and intention to pay
 which is based on a variety of factors
including the customer&#8217;s historical payment experience or
 in the case of a new customer
 published credit and financial
information pertaining to the customer.


are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer
 which is the delivery of food products
which provide immediate benefit to the customer.


as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of goods
sold. Any taxes collected on behalf of government authorities are excluded from net revenues.


 which typically
includes volume-based rebates
 known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 allowances for non-saleable
products
 product returns
 trade incentives and coupon redemption
 is estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We do not have any significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivables at the end of a period.
We generally do not receive noncash consideration for the sale of goods nor do we grant payment financing terms greater than one
year.








with industry standards and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are
written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
sales at the time of revenue recognition.








investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated
at cost
 which approximates or equals fair value due to their short-term nature.


deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Lifeway has not experienced any losses in
such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to its cash and cash equivalents.








following hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within
the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Observable
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in inactive markets
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Inputs that are
generally unobservable and typically reflect management&#8217;s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.


that are not carried at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
accounts payable
 accrued expenses and revolving line of credit for which carrying value approximates fair value.








cost or net realizable value
 valued on a first in
 first out basis (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;). The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Inventories are stated net of reserves for excess or obsolete inventory.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the
assets are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


 plant and equipment is being
depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    










price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite lived
intangible assets are not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually.



combination are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Lifeway amortizes other intangible assets over
their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    










at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. Lifeway conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 such as a change in the
competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant
change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for our products or changes in the size of the market for our products.
If the estimated remaining useful life of an intangible asset is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset
is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.


 including
property
 plant
 and equipment
 and cost method investments
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There were no indicators of tangible asset impairment in 2018 or 2017.








temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different
periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year
in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
classified on a net basis as non-current.


are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 capitalization of indirect costs
for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
&#160;incentive compensation
 reserves for excess and obsolete inventory
 the allowance
for doubtful accounts
 and the newly enacted interest expense limitations.


all the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
jurisdictions. We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on
technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes.
We apply a more likely than not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize
the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in
judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.
For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been
recognized in the financial statements. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements
 tax
examination activities
 statute expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes. Lifeway recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes
in the consolidated statements of operations.








for equity awards over the vesting period based on their grant date fair value. The fair value of restricted stock awards is equal
to the closing price of our stock on the date of grant.








method.








For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 total advertising expenses were $4
518 and $7
402
 respectively.








is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued
and outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common
stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were 0 common stock equivalents
outstanding.








 the FASB issued ASU&#160;2018-07
&#160;Improvements
The new guidance is intended to simplify aspects of accounting for share-based
payments to nonemployees by aligning it with the accounting for share-based payments to employees
 with certain exceptions. The
new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods
within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&#8217;s adoptions of Topic 606. We adopted this
new standard in June 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#34;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2017-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting.
The new guidance provides clarity and reduces both diversity in practice and cost of complexity when accounting for a change to
the terms of or conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to
the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This guidance
was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-04
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The new guidance simplifies the subsequent
measurement of goodwill by removing the second step of the two-step impairment test. The amendment requires an entity to perform
its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity
still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test
is necessary. The Company adopted the new standard on a prospective basis through our test for goodwill impairment in the fourth
quarter of 2018. See note 5 for further discussion and the results of our test for goodwill impairment.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to address
the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash
flows
 such as debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
 contingent consideration payments made after an acquisition
 proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims
 and other topics. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018. The adoption of this amendment
had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance modifies how entities measure
equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance
 entities will have to
measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and
recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless certain conditions exist. This guidance was effective January 1
 2018.
The adoption of this amendment had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition
process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard allows for either
&#8220;full retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented
 or &#8220;modified
retrospective&#8221; adoption
 meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements.
ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows
from contracts with customers. On August 12
 2015 the FASB approved a one-year delay of the effective date to reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 while permitting companies to voluntarily adopt the new standard as of the original effective
date. In December 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 which clarifies narrow aspects of ASC 606 or corrects unintended application of the guidance. The effective date
and transition requirements for ASU 2016-20 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. Under
the delayed effective date
 this guidance was effective January 1
 2018. We adopted the new standard on January 1
 2018 on a modified
retrospective basis. The adoption of this amendment had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company
has revised its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements
of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section above and Note 11
 Segment
Products
 and Customers for additional information.








 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which affects any entity that enters into a lease (as that term is defined in ASU 2016-02)
 with some
specified scope exceptions. Under ASU 2016-02
 companies can adopt the amended guidance using a modified retrospective transition
approach
 using an application date of either the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the
reporting period in which the companies first apply the new standard. We adopted this standard on January 1
 2019 using the an
application date of January 1
 2019
 and elected certain practical expedients allowed under the standard. In July 2018
 the FASB
issued ASU No. 2018-11
 Leases (842)
 Targeted Improvements
 which provides an additional transition election to not restate comparative
periods for the effects of applying the new standard. The guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities
in the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements
 such as information about variable lease payments
and options to renew and terminate leases. The amended guidance will require both operating and finance leases to be recognized
in the balance sheet. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the
lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The new guidance
is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those
years.


expedients that are permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02 and related standards. Among other things
 this
practical expedient allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification
 and not reassess initial direct costs for any
existing leases as of January 1
 2019 or reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases. In addition
we are electing to adopt the hindsight practical expedient to determine the reasonably certain lease term for existing leases.
We will make an accounting policy election to continue recording leases with an initial term of 12 months or less consistent with
our prior financial reporting and elect the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company has revised
its relevant policies and procedures
 as applicable
 to meet the new accounting
 reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic
842 and has updated internal controls accordingly.


in ASU 2016-02 and current GAAP is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified
as operating leases under current GAAP. Recognition of the assets and liabilities will have a material impact to our consolidated
balance sheets upon adoption. However
 since all of our leases are operating leases under ASC 840 and we will carryforward the
historical lease classification
 the new standard will have no immediate
 material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity
 or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are in the process of finalizing
our review of contracts and calculating the impact of the new standard on our balance sheet. We expect the adoption to result in
increase of assets of approximately $745 and liabilities of $772 as of January 1
 2019.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018






Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    



    
    
    

    
1
580
1
717

    
2
072
2
453

    
2
165
3
527


 net
5
817
7
697




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





4. Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment


    



    
    
    

    
1
747
1
747

    
17
520
17
260

    
29
692
27
539

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
683

    
51
280
49
864

    
(26
707
(25
219


 plant and equipment
 net
24
573
24
645




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    



    
    
    

    
9
124
10
368

    
3
700
3
700

    
12
824
14
068







    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
529
4
529

    
    
    

    
2
248
2
248

    
    
    

    
8
244
8
244

    
(7
900
(7
269


 net
    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.




























Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    



    
    
    

    
1
937
2
208

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
777
2
984














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
2
832

    
    
    


 2019. Principal and interest payable monthly with a balloon payment due at maturity. Paid in full.
    
3
447

    
    
6
279

    
    
(3
166

    
    
3
113




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
(2
062
(1
784

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
673
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2018
    
    
    
    

    
 2018
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







    
    

    
    

    
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2018
    

    
    




































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2018









    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
78
523
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
486
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
276
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
527
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
836
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
138
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
795
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
537
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
661
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
103
350
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
893
    
    
    
    
    








Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018






Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life








Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018






Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


















518


402










































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











580


717





072


453





165


527



Total inventories
 net

817


697



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property and equipment
 gross

280


864





707)


219)





573


645










Property and equipment
 gross

747


747










Property and equipment
 gross

520


260










Property and equipment
 gross

692


539










Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross













Property and equipment
 gross



683







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











124


368





700


700





824


068







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




244


244





900)


269)



Intangible assets
 net





























529


529


























248


248





















Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











244







368







244









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











937


208



















777


984




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017






279







166)







113














832





  2018























447





  2019













































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




995














950





















000



























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Future minimum lease payment
 2019




Future minimum lease payment
 2020




Future minimum lease payment
 2021




Future minimum lease payment
 2022




Future minimum lease payment
 2023






































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
















































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
















State and local tax expense
 net
















































Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate
 percentage






State and local tax expense
 net
 percentage













U.S. domestic manufacturers' deduction &amp; other permanent differences
 percentage






Additions for tax positions of prior years
 percentage






Change in tax rates
 percentage






Change in tax estimate
 percentage






Provision for income taxes
 percentage



























































































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.

























































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











062)


784)





062)


784)






















































673
















Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.












































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Unrecognized tax benefits
 beginning balance




















Unrecognized tax benefits
 ending balance










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands










Options outstanding
 beginning balance | shares



















Options outstanding
 ending balance | shares









Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 beginning balance | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options granted | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercised | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options forfeited | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options outstanding
 ending balance | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price
 options exercisable | $ / shares




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 outstanding




Weighted average remaining contractural life
 exercisable




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options outstanding | $




Aggregate intrinsic value
 options exercisable | $

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Risk-free interest rate
 minimum




Risk-free interest rate
 maximum









Expected volatility
 minimum




Expected volatility
 maximum










































Discloses use of the simplified method to calculate the expected term that stock option awards under the specified plan will exist before being exercised or terminated
 the reason and justification for its use
 and the periods for which the method was used if it was not used in all periods presented.




























The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















RSU's outstanding
 beginning balance



















RSU's outstanding
 ending balance













The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






































































































































































500









467






































589



























610


















979


















516



























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




350


893



















523


514



















486


516



















276


527



















836


138



















795


537



















434


661














For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Segments
 Products and Customers (Details Narrative)



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Two Customers [Member]













Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Ten Customers [Member]































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











185







503





Stock repurchased during period
 amount

379


486



Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]






Stock repurchased during period
 shares






Stock repurchased during period
 amount

379


486
































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




616


955












000


000





















The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *R*CTX?(\\#P    !


H.+\%AZ2,(@43L @+D;6-T5)'5.3C6_T@@^?L9MA1@-V
MZ+G!*(4P-II8CB.70,7P 0CCY]%] LQ+GZ)W;N #LEQV27U# 
Y5#/N;R#


M7'_X782=-W9G_['Q6;!MX-==M%]02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F




MC?USE*KFQ@[5*=&M$OS@2'65T#2=)34OFWB]='-/:KV4%U.5C7A2D;[4-5=_
M-Z*2MU5






=X@

0@0)G


M5X$8E@94\!) H



M)YIUHJD3@9QH4HDNA$5.J
@:%^E=PSHQU D:0%M#*A&YQ4ZHR!62-V)9(Y8:


MHBUJNQVG
@]E+;R(G

8:(U.YB0!!\&P3

MTYAW@K*

M&DQ-H$4CIAA=IDJUBP\-8%2TV!J D=-O+HQ(AM;W8 G)M-IL$;36!VFDKE
M^(.&DUD'$8(#SU^PA. FUM

3*# -!B90%!J=

RYX;6R%





)TD0.X_001.B$#[P[D_

7M/SM3
M-O=-.''P)?B?.F'@6B[ON9G\X?IOUY?6WL7/68Y%I6INZ*I@]:<-N$+/.\Q
=+P
MD7


#X YP!\!$#RGP%R
M#I? ?%8_.1L+/6GO,^WZ[:Y!^WTM*[YLG@6=K%/ R#X]J-W]EJ.SOZOLU@

M\?$R7CIK

MC/6242^IXR6C!:M

M







M$C#7][:()4D2@IE$5'' *5Y]B%8?(M6#
)%81#8ER5C-+0$$4QZ=N)^ 2RR[?+#1A< !^IQNE,4)O8Z5 ?8IO\#\((
MCDJL)*PE-BPW)&*)^J:<E07!)(96-Z .0(2I-U1@R?D5L^E+*&)Q66\42
MSA(XKXB



M0D**

M5!IQ'


M37R.G8\1@S2AJEJIE49;;7N= 0^@30A-PK#]]\W7LL'G==4;(.&U_1['Y_&)

M]]Y_'H+O@GG+&[NMBK].^_;XO$R6B[U]SZ]%^[FZ_6*G@
QR
47_F_VP12?O


W?!?%VW3W?W8*(K6
MP4??T:3)1@W--7=%T/5^'X+0$!F)YO0XP%8J.
8C

M.'9B 2*E%N)H9586N'0L1*+491VC$A)B%TDT$47+A/-Q%#D/92HE./#Y2
MZ

68Q'$1!QKCQD/@!0PHUTS
M2HR3AY%@


MFDIB4[O45 ;L8 5$*G4LVX(HY-N?2TYV$3!AY)X+GIFI%$V8I(1 1D:K[!
M/MK!R.)/.,2CP#+$K$9 %6L?)4B!AY)X!F7=P1X)[9())HS^M$,)AZ!JE[

MS]TL


/0:%GG9W7)9



M$!$GGOG5&*0:@-2X
M()U$\U



=M/Y/A48+YUU3





5



M?P0
=G$FH9(SXG


3;


M)+[)1_@X[;^X:82VY(S.OVSL?XWHP$O97/D1:OT'FPT)M0O'&W\VXYB-AL-N

M:&5E='

F;=*IT[K/



R==4@;@^OS&_BG6[FNY


M5
$96Q'OO'CKO==R=WO(V340S3&G*29=QRP1S+

MGOVC\'Z;8+])L(\$^S5!=O^NQ(V8N^1=$K;JJ0+3QFFRI


/





;JX1'TS;
]19$%4%*
K[;73
E.DV++/I.MLC

MI!ESFM WQU/7M#XX6)'UHH'OX'_T)XL66UBJ3H%VG='$0IW3N^1P3$-\#/C9



MAD_3_DW8IM..G(W'EXW]KXWQ@%)V5SA+7ZPQ9!0^W\P;.=QFPRO.GG'\26

M='

2YX;6QM4]MNVS 
_15!'U E3M($@6V@Z3!TP 8$+;8]*S9M


-VQO0%61Y 4A;)%R(95[C,H^]DREP/3G %)X/L(4S?XX@]%C@




B6*RN^98V5N](C




O

RYX;6QM4]MNVS 
_15!'U EBML&@6V@Z3!TP 8$+;8]*S9]075Q


+2E'B

M1;Q#\0Z]EWR[WZ7L$HBFF.


1Y0RN8*1ZC!#S8;$BH?CK=XMN.8C88WW?2#V/R-\S=0
M2P
$%     @ K(J/3NM-JJFW 0  T@




MM3G=4U)!S7OI'G'X!E
]UY1
Q?^ T@?'I3X'5*&U=2]M:AFEB\%
5?QEWH


?70_@R9.2VI6T]WXX


M?4EO*6F@Y:/T#V;Z!$L];RA9BO\5Y 8'I1@CMI(%U=2C\X;M;@%
6?YEWH

Q




^HXR1OO.K!W:7R3O^'SM'_EMA/:
MD8OQ^+*Q_ZTQ'E#*X09'J

$
M%     @ K(J/3LM_D%FW 0  T@


M;_;I!%L')!

M7HOMI]N
70/1%'


D+[SSP-XG\4W^A8_3_HV;1FA+

9QVPT'';3#V+S-R[^ E!+ P04
M     LBH].]@F


M-RYX;6QM4V%OW ,_2N('U2W&UM3TFD7J=IDUKIU&G;9RYQ$E3 &9!+^^\+
M)


M=SW#M@'9#
@6P$W


MTBY? !N_YV=CLA'-LVT!''G5JK
Y;9WK#XS9L@4M[!7VT/F;&HT6SINF8;8W


G'1)&8#K\QO[0ZS=UW(6%NY1_9:5:W-Z2TD%

F;Q4K1XG7;9Q7V<;OCG
M&;8-X#. +X#;F(=-B:+R+\*)(C




+2E'B9=H['?=QNMD=
M9M@V@
\ O@ .
-///X@MW[CXU!+ P04
M LBH].V:,!)[8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R,YX



M#-L&\!G %\!-S



Z_[*Q



AB4BD9*NJE5HIVJK;9R=Q EK U':2[=_7-BRE9GC!

P

MDK.S

MMAMDF[?LRG]P_;
]2+


M]:L\ZV(3+L/@S_L5ND7\?C^X#2
.BC_\;OO#)PZXG1.(E*N6=PNBDMZI[%


#@ACV08)B$GLZ




M($4^*1\
E$0S.OA1 $B=)^#K8*9:P3PTP04D\F=8J!_#P@H\NUYO+JV@H5
MG


U_ 3[JSMI9Y&9I6P%
M2-



ZN2HQA;N
B250D




M7P ;O^=G8[(1S;-M 1QYT:JS.6V=ZP^





0B5GQ.=@?*]RF@1!
MH*!T@4'X[0+WH%0@\C+^S)QT21F Z_

K8AW7KSUWDO!KY.

M$M

Z_[*Q


$%     @
MK(J/3L?QA(.W 0  T@
5
8JX=&T-7.=!5%&
MDI*


0B478YZ#\:W
\?@F?^#CM#\(6[?:D8OQ^+*Q
M_Y4Q'C5S0V.4(


ZOC2P[$ J[7?U] S]HM7X09

M$IS0*$J)8%V/B\S[+JK(Y&AXU\-%(3T*P=3O

6HC10+BTU%L+=Y[7J_3O-)LEO
MP@%T:!KP-'KD%G(9_Z1&59D2DY(S;T?F/O%\8G:WI3.Z5OASVSRVGIO!4W2

[TOW :#M\%
]SY\-U6_9&?9!@KTGV/]3



$%     @ K(J/3L0X0#ZW 0  T@
  !D

H^^DRES/3C!
M%9P

M
2HM;%Q1-5BGY:SB4Y'L==JYBOLXW:3I3-LFT)E %\(^QB%3H)CY=^98F1L]

;D$0K[Z$H%LA



MF+'WG0A/O#UQWYLB.&

X)Y]3D$7PMQ
MYO_1^3I]MYKA+M)WR^C'9%T@615(HD#R3XF'#R6N88X?@K!%3S68.DZ3)07V



QK

SS!5
\U)5/Q/^ N$A$XQ1







MK=1*JU1-G[TP7!0;4]LLZ=_7-H12ZKQ@S_C
.3/&
^DHY*MJ '3PQEFG
M1H
MW9\P5D4#G*H[T4-G3BHA.=7&E#56O01:NB#.


M?I&#5^3@(4@V(C[







MS/_B[8FZNRF]

[TOW :
M#]]%
]R%\-U:_4
:)TBB!$D@2/XID=Z5&
/LXB+[J

M(P3IG4@



FPJI_? K(\2
5?4$L#!!0    (

Q+GAM
E-0VIZUS_9$Q6[:@A+W!'K2_J=$HX;QI&F9[ Z**
M)493Y([ID2G:9%%W]D4&0Y.=AK.AMA!*6'^G$#BF-
=?74\=4WK@H
562\:
M^ [N1W\VWF*+2M4IT+9#30S4.7W8'4]IP$? SPY&NSJ34

MD%ZH#\=H5'D#((^31^SYIT1F(Z_.K^J=8NZ_E(BP\HOS55:[-Z8&2FHQ


A

+L%P;SZ$H)OA3CQ=W2^3=]O9KB/]/V:GB3; NFF0!H%TO]*
MO']3X@;F_FT0MNJI M/$:;*DQ$''25YYEX%]X/%-_L&G:?\F3--I2R[H_
O&

604+MP_.#/9AJSR7#8SS^(+=^X^ M02P
$%     @
UK&\*E=QLI


+F=X!
X=D_7Q.I*&DZ9+O-Y?V)]\\;:8 ]/P*/F?IC3U
M)ER&00D5.W'S+/NO
!8T#X.Q^N]P!F[ASHG5*37_C



UK&T+3ZR+Q!VPS.SMK&]I
M*]6K+A!-\%:)6F_#PIAFPYC.ZRX?I(-UO;)6:J*&SM5%Z8;A?SD@RK!XBA:

MS4'9&1M83F6%M2YE'2@\;\
=;/:P
3+$-5V%PPC._
MO

M!\1]0#P$P

1V;W*WZ+?/[/BM5V]94F4
MI.SFB'K,OL/$#Q@8$,RR#REB*L4^_B\\IL,34F'BPV?_*)S1!#.28$80S-^5
M2&$6=)(YF61.$QI@@5)L)B@DL*LZ1+,LF2(%C3!N28#5!)8&!B$ZR)I.L
M8*1+PXB^JN.)NBD0##R:
M:8XB0*-[BKM)2#,!/,1MI-



:V'M\@SE(:M%JB



M*.YZ-T]-[





Y-XR70
MUWP5+U0SL6__0\9VHA^8-UTOG!.3ZA&9JUXS)D$9])Z4MU8UOWE!H)9ZNE-S
M;EN 74@V3-T-S2TV_P]02P



M@&H?/L6[
C-X_C9P!G\\ D.7+^9HHOYWT8&4/ X*2
 M7##4I@S AI&[]'
V?W=%JI5V\%3I(<W8S0B'EVF&2&
M62#*-0)O)@C2!B87B==%8OEXQH^S1[\ ]@I@*Y#^$P
O8CA
9C&=.X1LHT42





M#%D


L




7XR
M]H[F;'3MU'RO;3
S;=D?$/J.%MUP^(FN)[#%'U!+ P04     MBH].9%6%
M2N




=$0]L@%ZMU(QW1*J27Y 8.)#*D#J* L^+



M\0O









MA]4/K/V&^D3EVGS_X'N1*JY)I$S7%@5)A?YW 1DE6]BT*I\%OW+&OS;+LW
M



)MF
M&RRF\1?+LM2LXM .$EI!PB6(=V-9(ZM!]
 7CA:4BT0^E$PP8BM&;%E0:#=(


MU0OFHOR.J(
!HV-#G^
_



O33 0  F@0  !D

=M.9-)22GVBSE&:M. BT=B3

M:UHX2D]=.*?R\P&8Z%-$T*WPTIQK;0LX2SIZAM^@_W1':59X4BD;#JUJ1.M)

4^
O#'\$UR!&;CM
MQ'@4@BGW](J+TH*/*J853C^&L6G=V(_Z-]HV(1@)P40@T7\)X4@(%P0\=.:B





H&*!8/K(=.[52


8C'W
M=47QE[TXMOUX ?:$! HI6; :KC!0C11



MU6-])\)]K ZSU$%S=F9/52M4]%;$29:CFR::
&DP2]T$B9,@,03)@F 7K [!0E(#Z:Q&E2K0NY!


MLJ&3^G\NHO.;?XST+5W%CZH7V*?[06
;R0_
Z[83WH5)]0;
3:T8DZ \!@_J

M!?$!8^XD$2 UJ:I6:J5HJDZ?'3@$-#:FMA.F?U]?&
00JR_Q;9_MM6WB8F+\

U
M0HM+TU
81

MW.$$A&@CA?%G]O27+77ANO_N_L5D5UDN6



2!LCFOH]6DJUWB_6Y#XM#DH1LD=8*D

0[7?)!@6M/GW]%/W
M_-H/PKLPJ?Y%YEMO&9.@#(



-J



MO)3VU\FN4O&J]Z*E5/2I&XO:CFUW$JY[
]@ ]P9X
$#1FP:D-R O!H$-OE-F
M0_U
%4T3P5M'=-EJJ/E3H W1EYF937MW]DQ'*_7N+25AF'@WXZC'[#L
'F'0

M8(DG5Q7


M9!VYP ^0/[L#5RMGRG*J&VA%S5J+PSFW'[WMWC
!!O&KAE[


^4&9L?J)2%)DG/46'WZMCNBB\+:!
MNLQ2;YJ[


$^$DGHO_$]W_J.(1A%?H4

?0NZ%O-
2/
3+JB=@

=N='H5'WW2Q-_CPHGPG_%*WPCHRJ7JAZ5AG


X-
_

M8J($
;K-3<A&5U<5H4O]EV&$T[VY4\

S
%(=HSL


*)Z)P(+(=HG@X]/RP_[/0YB[HI^8;YM=A%-Z%
M276MS
_?




'+HOBA=IF2/^^7@@A


MN

B!=M/\O(9D)R1O!51/[R%RJ#T23,I=BJ1_K('8GH@.B2EF
M98VN=N[.9*N
]5HF69KCJQ6:

/]/B]@]-'1))N

M8$]%Y#L  



[

Y&5)+
M [39)$%+FL[/
Q-[YGG&KI(V'3QS3US;EO_!5 V'/S0?P^\-)=:ZD09SVY
MP ^0/_MGKE;!K')J6NA$PSJ/P_G@/X7[





M=98HL6ZP=(#0XG#OK*1.*ZG#2FQ92=?O $(6J'2 HCBUK 2+C[@%?C']3G@5
MNW92?RZ+Z-Q2GY!N E:\4*UV[(P?



60Q*

O$H $2XH


M*#V
(BPT: :@03/M6( @BP$IGX_%I_4VF.$H06
$8)8I0 !O(PRO!P$+\?


$BOR?+U!$9F!@NT6AWU)$?1A(Y'L
*)H[
K#KHM!V

1:V[A DNW;


M14N5'HI3)'O!Z



VMS9-1VMU+/758+3*KH:1Z-F/6CPG08_*C:^


FO0_
(!J'B8%85(@M27L( 




0?A
04




$%     @ K8J/3A$9!/

MQ ?$W#=9L4AAJZB56FF5JNVSEQTNBHV);9;T[^L+80F0OF![?
Z9

M1=0 TGFCI!4'MY:RVR
<EB.*F
M=;/4Q$X\2UDO2=/B3NBIQ3SOSD0-AQ<WWT//#=5+74 96F'*_@)\E=WXFJ%











XMI6RW




M9+_B7.



-\ !3:*387)0N[@A82&0&8
M62;/18L8



O

BYX;6QU5-N.G# 
_17$!VR 86 Z J2=K:I6:J715FV?
V NVH30




&N
@1%3DB!.%.!
-$N$BBB0(P6$G
M@F%B71%15*$8/_?8)C_-/Z$BIP0@GWC

VGC7





M3W:




M$\/=M\3\Q=L]UG=3FJ]OM-%R]U]%:$R4.&;L9HU!P&#9YIMI

C!
MVT8T8KQ;L9L9
1.QCA@A&O&0]N1N)D) Y&M& D*P:.W(S4R4@=C'C!&#3)

H_8/J1_\F%$?2?B6C?2.W&EGZ-]

/3;.W^ M02P
$%     @

MC5AM;YLP$/XKB!]0\!D3J))(3:)IDS:IZK3N



MG
MK

CC^#$']
6?K.+U_




 ^<NC
MV
$;H!D
F



M9N[K?A3N'[0Z#6-^
/ZO8?D/4$L#!!0    ( *V*CTXC'-FJ P
  -\
   9

!1]E2@/T
1V/A$@
M%:9IDS8)=5KWVP4#49
XLPUT;S_;25/BW%#^D

:&2K7GYI]BIX\+/?&_']O14
MJB=^^<:ZAF+?Z[K_P<ZLU'C1.^QY:6TG][V)!6O.A8MI:)O[;&H[?'2WDEQ


E!(!A D
M







B1!4E
M#RZ)


7F
<W&*2()DXP7B6
MN) Y*F1^2Q '.$&*$J0/.$$P<3AQ<A]S)62!ED@!!%.L$0)E@\X03#Q]'1A

M7FC35=S=/PJAP4@

$
M%     @ K8J/3DB


.
52




MOPYKTYJU'_GO:?:$8$P(I@0_^6].:$;PF1



M_!5!'Q#J5FK( F(710NT@)&BZ3
MKPZ$%%62MM*_+P]%460VR8M(+F=G9RAR


P6REQH3ZEJ5M
XA23.
$<FU8LT[Z9F3(*2&-RH@VY5)YT7
M!&JII[F:<]M/[$*R86J5:.[7Y3]02P,$%     @ K8J/3O!Z<C'!:P  R8D!
M !0   !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.V]:6\;29H@_'GB5R1ZY1D)2+%X

M1&9&/!'QQ'
?_UY5NVB?9W_?IZ^*?;[[CS]-QM
_15\VZ[SZCS_=[W;;'W_X



Y?


M=KSV87^[SA9P:$72 -NBAIR08

KRZ--]L:_@2!J+\4G9K.NN

K3752L




M'WD!BR@CH+[]*=H&$_Z_:ABEI+L=_=P+_^1+G_Q^33#!DMW
 R*AS+00(0


RAVD[#JTZX60:QTN@G_+F


M]UL4
D$

L



A6*!L,&@_S-@5:
ME.+,#UF%NXFDZ1#_?PGG
=_]#E$65Q@X_VD BUJ38B$


XA'*&2\(8;T;63$




,W2#Y.-,)S[WAZW+DQ!LB9OVUDX[[ZCM9WWTM7:86XPQ7P'ST5':

G:#\5TO_[:O=CSMKD#C29$O
M
N!NN; #_-2-M- Y&@
%8@O)#![+;[/^T5#9$;[[
@$).[WM_-XJGF7ZD.9-
MH?


M[5


M*

&LL55MRVY[R;]!BU-MRIW&
M9Z3L(+*#
*ZB:X1/MBVVMF/CI.BB??0#?[[79-W 'U/CUZ6(QUW#7.FB8E

3KB*[ECM


5[6WIT:QIN[&$ONMEO-NA#?0_*87:7
M9Z!,H5_\VAWG!QAST4*(6AXY@-E?/P^A^]BNPZ$2K$;R/CXI]#\SN0:N<^&



M0WN[7W]& 2S9P()!9%:@D
@ 5^M]\+-QD\!'=F#R+:CG%GBT)G!5OQKLE=







M%JSGWZ+

C?

\
M\84!RLK#(N2=;SY*Y


M
MQD95]VCC8+T/H76\W-


$
M7.$-K!P9_*UX2!K+^R-5(5V9'Y'EZC[;;DGEA$V#R[)$/YI)@ [LURN E\[#
MJ:.

M_228P,^%.O]1JW-97J+?#*..(H1MH)48K'DY'^3A135NR
DB I[&'\A%@'
MG)IUM\=^C!;N:5[DET@X$$BC9Q[;0P
:NR^1_O(X5MY0@D!L!K K98DS1G12

G&VO^\3)+ZP[8:(
M''H8:/^!
^F])


+:%U
MDTNB(C=*9$[VD)F4+P)ND=$E9+)RDZVUCTE83J$BN!]W%^M!-I9JI@/ ;N
M
)(J;-DED*'4$+')\B5\3N8V%?UP

Y

WAE:3QCLG
;BID'
EE0@TX*]'
.%\=0M8X\1MQ*?Q)XIC;%A)\L]F





M'4%0 HCGB2$QAN7%4B0[Y-1TCC1@S#]4\


BJ72(
1ZD'[2K*/H3&#M4L@VN



MBFR$ST ?9)^
MR7 =

MR .@ZIF%?)6RE((6!9(2?O9-O!K!6#/TNH?*5)QMS)#DDJJL9% ]2KV=\R@W
4JX[Z8^C8^S






T

TG?N4(DJ2+T@04;HF
F/)H6'1%B1T


2,TV-Q:?0EM:
M IS^Z1\4^+'FV)]*) @@WVC9I)LN-CI.R40*_K<]7:XU^(UI0O/UC7K\$6*
MF 79Y\ZQ

M*A31H:DCG@(2&% 2KL1M0U9W9#9(*&)KZ09JLKC/R=-P74[6UQHXD[LH*#



39'N



$W5-BS=5TWV/+B;YB

JL@&L$ 6#(05B$@S$


8U^0'A9Y 424*9)[_+H/_=Y*G&


M_NI%O'K ]

:P (R&*W3WB+:!@QGQIBY$P

M=
+$
@R4)0*LD2)V8




?0K3^(@VP?7-.O(77T) ]GL70?




MF



M@J%B77+
\9 %TOAX1.E:5K)



@ZG7Z0$DQ6G )2A@(DLD.0G
ME-.F(&J*=D_=+7!6A=B[?K4


@'P63\Q8&1,$@)ZGHC42;&@&6H_
M*W*( G^P]ZM/8U.).G3BB/!G@:RSZ$[?L.$Q:%O3=CCS*BJ\J10T)6E!?T
M#K'_P%^+:':W5U#5#[!##=Y)P^(BWHPF*739(T2/\ 8


#)M%[@H$
MQ




MJC& DO0SM5(%T67'V1TZAI13.D.+8(
SMV
A#:_:*'_-5



9T9;
M.M5 /(NP'\X

[X$DV]R=


I:


+LOB*5GO



M%N61(MHFD7/)!?,E&OFP''VV-F\


E@VB^]#2;4Z]DR?IM53EL!OP.VJ9IZ&H
MQD9P6?#087O&H@D;C#W)LVT-_+Q;I^Z

M!P.TBN9A]#!&S@W
Q_5

M\;]=A4.NYA/\/ZA#
H3SF/._MAS)&/0/^-_



MAQ^K)Z'?QT5
2'&;A);UTC%

!U+K<,Z:WV447TWZ
MQB5!NZ%LJSO,N9;@M;I;UT3O YAB1I
A?GTLW'C4](9&XQ3%B)8HP$L(%!
MX@RG+[VX,D$A NXCTL]SUCZXED88@Z85D]]BMS9^FJAK'ZAK;30Y .18OSR



76B5U

\!K]5RKV5Z1QCPJ.W%
M9TC


M7


OW15?=
OUN=6?TA^IY;@

)O1SA)6\:==T);60^K-H=C6'$[3%##U](LWODCMV


M $AI(6MV:N6!?_/).2
02AN6$$OI$M**L@7'J

MZ?DP_:+&3[I^#G'V1\.7S:/X0C&L7 VE.6)TTOL'K:4%L'E51_MVI[6VHS



]U57Z)-6+ !LO&2$MM-PP0
MF0JJI(2;HA?YR0O,,:X:!%FUN5 $4UW%IMHEL*JXI$_M<ZV::2/HO/!*;FL!
MJ$%E03]!3YHQ.Q?A27KF_'Z]-VGY




QR\B+U40BMN)='=

*+&K-U;FCI-#S
MI0M'IU?(8)1K8U'R=-BG.0\$52= &TWW-=^4:Y=J(5HMZD7]+%OA%SP$=Q


/FK)SQD,D+Y];;P*@,6I^/J$465H

M(=CL-C
;]\






@+0 ]!6QR\V%CCC88]Z9VA$CZ.W!$

M@+._XS!E*2)E SW#M%1B(KET//ITW^16K?V

MXZ:_[J)OR6Y79L#G1%S^


MC%'$DXEQJ;FCR20:C2;F.FRQWFCD8_/\^:]!'\CF5
-%)WW JJZ-DM4/XNEL
M%%V-Q[3LSJU$0GW5YQ/ S/-N\NF5$T'#&%N#3FDDTDD:7TJV-9 XF_Z
H;-S

IHY\@Q* $3 ?$S9]'STI7
D&1?ZK@^.=PD(%('*
UF+\04O6XNN8O@@




MNV^)Z7)0J/^D#IV+-46?@.WRTJP?=%)+%L[#X
H+9X/)4!/[#KIP0H#4$JR
MF2[ HC; :D4E.U$G$V#V:#;T]T6-TZ
-+6/&L\_#WJN2A6:3*!EH

K3_
32N!QQ8'PAN)5S%
M?VG\C^E)A))*Y'



=6NDQ*@WGLX4/XVL


M$(^(;-V8TU@FPAQ.OV/
8KW[3.:T'5$_
400'FO]/ T;-PZC]?3?RP ?:MO6
M09^

44K!1'_*MQ/B!D0?#V'IZ

B)/_R:\10


J X]8Y]]



BN$8!E7,';E^L$COD&6 ZFI4IQ
M+^Q?F%%?A&6ZEO+A%FZI06@)FMPG7*G?7['9?XZ8#KRI9$II3YK;/$FM7;:7
M[#Y:%#'M8B=J'1JP92E;<-!!0HD+H7


=\^4#@L!6V.YKVK*;P_NNI=C;U'Z!#/
M6\NHDFO/X)G)KWYG-+SA+LS+[YF/E&/Q&#9US+
M


M%PLUG2S46^=Q5EGGBZ.IN0GZ0M)5T,X1S^$Q_30O7&4N0TGYH\Z,6CMO4IM
M,653O4'/,)EHII4(D??X)VF;O0HRF*]K-/E]V9\YS/[&,V%/\T9$['?A?^9L
M( RP9A:)G\D.HV]DASXN\M+GS^*&C=RQ@]QPT!L-E1O^@IE:E$+JU(7 3&*S
ME6TOGV60X&7+&C 6F&Q0%X @S?U@M-\*#6U8$9JBB5^GC.^J=33H84ZBC^:


_K

\#F-7^0;&APLAFHL6]B?
MS




MZD3##
#/U?2N0^5S#M/*.9[7)?T$Z&9QQR8:H=. Z@$%8/M+8QE$+HA(C^+)
M_
IE1($&
QWT;20]1RTBEKAL





1J H'+ \+GFPWWK?27(^MA%99]*4




MO[^LYNU/^]%JG3P49=BQQK78P)*\BE8\H-G:[GB/Y!M&&PDF?U&GY#R5D!Z9

]_FQ8.+0/,2]$%!I?-%@J6

ME$$K7

M( 
:CH]3;7MA19CYF!48V7F;2K4:ZC'.^:NR-EPGVCA^_O4]2 V)7EI.PP%!


MW1;I!E[PU']QC[]/L.2=KO+-'I.3D_RRVCVA%37 *;_P!.$E?R
BF.(7H(LW
MX*LR33:NR*IMTJI1X\P1L TM5V1*-HA



M?$%YNL
BA)*

MXF-E.'X


33Z0!^
MH3#P&]I8#)D8Q:-)'WY2\L@ 9+[YU8C^##
5VBJNT!@W7N1NI^(Q&/8X-A0]

7W
K3#J?M.X1%N*9U7(\7

M;Y%62+(QM:?NS





?Z
E/WI


N2V :V[XM('4C-B+9-KMR+WE)8LW7[U=_D7J*N4XS6RV;/

M@U^E+HOYEJ8'-9F
JS[BGSKZ@5*F6C'#?$5+A*OG=D2(#G1$
/_\C@B1-UBM
M(\)7EK:WQ)AM[23_SHK^WY3/7SS5?7P^U0SB.KB:Q'\8W7QAUQG(L.-POD
MF^]0(#_ZA@+YYEB!_&LK71^Y!Z91OSKZ[ZA?;8+ZU=$_H7ZU-
RP-:S#^M6F



-







M'E97










MY9KR;BL



M[^51$658E6)FX_1I&HNN!4%@VU.3RGRGU41SU\?






M
+] @'*FGA4?M289T1WS6&(1)U1'X4!6NGH.];8*0RSYVA:(5+W:4J]JSB



X

B4:H.2R_J!I
BM
CR;A*^S;:&F?-0T@344:_R



M


UTKE'[5




M!D/#


_9?5FF/N'#6=



M%$!'#S5B]/0I]CI0HJBUI?A82-D\XB3S\EAK #HK3B*]4EP5C




M*;U$U*ZZ0)




M@6/:V\:(SHLR/ G?
H@7- $'D&XJ%V/!!=2L*NW\UUS/X0O23M0%.(=7*:?4

79*C+J333S
G5I]HO&;3R2^F%I3V\-&A+\UJ+



SZ!;U
M1C%^C =S7#NTNDVY*6;NN@
'K7$X(D2Z1:


ME.GV[MX=:^7SD\@_6Y5*B*F$N-I



Z'!_I*/JLN6FN*=UOAX<XOK)02-'Y:L7N+ GRD+;J%5K,60KG
M^M$M(.U5F:62M6! -BH7:<=22KVJQD-4P$ED8
 
X[?IY(_7 4]#PP=-'5C




3^J5W
ME6HSC18#KIF1/[.6
N=

MY80VDB
&</*FQ=CH-=
M]J_BL*1YT0N_.K\4[&%2SH;S]^C&X6P( 0/X(,1@=,SWQBM2&ZVV<<_V23
M;T'*S5JE)J^8S -5G):9E35C7GQ%L.OLH6+10DWJ[3+Y2<02ZUD)U;DZ74
M\+$E-G/QAHZV=KH



D Y;MNB
M01O1)Y2\\-3MP\ZVSPL+T

#9T14DEW:J%







M'V81VIH=@KLQ58!S87PR(B(S);DQAUO;XAKB57/\B8(.9#I-7#3?.&61BV]-





MAK6178[E4C1]E=FVM2&@H
2:QB/U5-ZBZ+G;L?D
Y4C)=L9
+= TJ.8R'5Y3
MK$QL%*?-
8*%&V A?!]A-9*<RIHH38^E:*S$)Z4+_2(5RC2DG&!P-MQW
M$^E+DW;2C14LQ95;)SI5Q17]HG;4)PZ'2\LG053Q!ZTLP6CQ<RW3I6[_D@/

M


@B#L1WTI$^M&&;)A^;7^*U4Z1D=/Q$G;'2D(FY
MUDQ^:Y?Q$]2J]ERKCC)VE6.Z[]:D],8YYL,D(JN(^6+B^'J[;QGSP6YF0D
M*D;,@H 3G/F:^#%'](&?U0BF21R1BYISN?**;4<-.O), V81R)L-=+6G;F
MC.;S#YIXSBHH8*]3EI/J.#T!^::6KF6WZ@\NZ-_[T158

RF=I=EP!7#4$'
M:;2(:UT_Z#2RGYCDB/'
;DO;##HMA4



TR\;7.%-GFO:48L

P[SN[0

M^2Q5O7K1_P29YP%32*J



MR];5)BE

QB/
M)R/S-JP ,(P'TTDTPD9*YA-%7HU 6+R-9U%DW@^F&'WIGAZ-6OD6H[]+.L/


IC!AO3QQW#:[[PMPRO8


4^4_.1F0SB




]Y'@U%?;@V#4@=B2IDK5$3FC89.GT+GZR]]S9\2)Y
M6U#L;6T-C[0-Z<\9GEI_#@B$A4;U3BG<70UCT8SH$Z$-6-03\;]B2R]428'


Q\-3P7L
MZI\


MGOW3V JQ4))$&[UI!
][=^

1NCY=D9S
QI
X )YQ1





M'/(= F4%.*_28


8J50&7?V=JWHPEHH:.)N0YKKS92TJW5

BJ&EZ7@:
M[#



61T:+HG3]BJ07._5D0=L0R?S
M&MQ@*9R3SN

'/YR8/^KIGZV9V*[A:IW
M1)Q;]8T[PT&O:--7DZR[AUL1_]
ROC_.M ?[4#?.

RGO5/
M^)7_&D?MS*G7=7/J__J54+71C-
.7+-



&^^3$P#G_-W-TC'-O'CAOYE;CZ&P;?H0IR 6C[^\WKZ/SL


M]8 #K7TMV];Q&P/CMYTWP7?SO2


MZ-ESL7TE/3R%]SQW8P.'F1K*3]]A-(\W/QOV6\ ('*H'8&JEP:=A;+UH07?9



M(=C1A]\&)OKS6SX_'54.3HJ^_I;16]#I\+X/FIN&40'-3]NQ\
P+-;0!SC










9[^[+TKV *&! ^Y[VZ44
:[!OUQMANLP#K@SMK3MU2!$^+O@CL<D


M
)L\



IV'IY;()-

M*6

6$:DR$/JJ2BCX;/[I3
 * PVH+2--M'OBM2KZ'3
MPV[JBE

M2P










MO)(0B^4X9A=B&;:Z!#-(0JR0DYB=ZZ:1;ACO?
X 8Z&#_$FH4HXJ%'-(0BR1

U'44/\T9+0XP
MQT*L^RH^\N-,U950V9[VO+.CMH@))$V2.(5LN%&
/:SI0;BF(3J\-;T)&
MS!\)L4 2


+^DQ'Y!
M\YIQ96-^28G]4L2[J8S;'TO
-BFQ;?9D-7L9

MXW:(Z24EULM.GK
P*^T(X+NM1%\\PRV3$E@F,/2PA
MORQ!N $UQ,1$DQ&+9K^Q7X+)/H68F'<R8N^@F..1/-.1NP='#-
=C-
/QFQ

M96^8U]P8[K?_1I'$Q)
][SAOE=F1$FYI^<
MV#__B3D

L/4S.;%\0F$-

MPRYO7OA-F%57U^=P[D;]J7G_U9-_QNOG9%_^ 5!+ P04     MBH].-0--

_J
MD37#P\]TK,NA:W-SZ//B[71L\[IJ2NE_A) W33K5^:;K4SM^L^N&4UW&C\,^
M]/7FM=ZG(,OE*@S3&=7CPW3FXGF[KH;G;:P6O^IAG\JZF_'\*<;7G.34LGA


M !





M.0JK'
55C@(K1Y%5H
@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09)4HLDH4

MC_EL^/+X@U02P$% 
4     LBH].'R// \     3 @  P
M    @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 



4



M Q0    ( *R*CTZ8T/]9B@
  *P/   8                ;86  !X;]W


M4$L! A0#%     @ K(J/3NCD3&JR 0  T@
  !@              ( !6Q\






M

  !D


4     LBH].V:
!)[8!  #2

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *R*CTYIR=RC (  -P)   9                5(Z




M971S+W-H965T

M% 





  !D              ( !


4     LBH].

M:&5E=#(Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *R*CTXRZP[@T@$  )P$   9


M  @ K(J/3K2H;=NW 0  T@

M:&5E='



R+GAM;%!+

S



M-YX;6Q02P$% 
4     MBH].[N_((_H!  !S!0  &0

U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V*

M+W-H965T




X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V*CT[7E#+TTP$  )H$


M4$L! A0#%     @ K8J/3K:N\$4  @  +04  !D              ( !?6


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     MBH].!80I

FH  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

0[ @
MC 8  !D              ( !)G$  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T-BYX
M;6Q02P$% 

4






4     MBH].G.W-

M *V*CTZ3B@0W 0  -(F   /                80! 0!X;]W;W)K8F]O
M:RYX;6Q02P$% 

4     M

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001683168-19-001051-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( *V*CTZ*&5Q83[(  

#$X
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO6MSVTB6(/I](_8_X'J[-ZHB*)EO2:ZNVI!EJT;3=MEKN:INWR\3$)$4
M




&6Z9;\:_I!O02\B_U(HD.+WA2:_]?)$D

M=
J2SBB)XF#Z7U_$R)V]%




\

MDH93+V*GX=#/D) ;SOR4A-QPY*6$K(/]SS';)!/LSR!I)QD19\\=26=/AR1E




M4T'35O
XY/^=K(_[V=]S[B*HVE^-PLQ7U02:
E'K*6N ^*:/2#X^0$C75P
AX_]X. ..W?/X6W(GP 1F\<_-+]-ADX





M3YP!L(J94!N*3S-


#FE$V!<W^O9V_E;XH\G4#K_EV%$18NH3FCRW2'7



19A
M*!P3FY=A:/OWY)/YTXTG-[[C/KA.8GNW$SL4;^T(ZZ?F^.?H[1PY\J=QX6?2

M /HX##LL\5TFCM_AA\YPX

)2JW;M&'U=\S6#!?6H+
SR)$
MIK2 S2QT


M_U/

$F08*
%*K])IG_R3OV^^7O39SW2_W_/M+_U]DW\L



M%0$XLS38\;D/]%!EN5VF&9SVHY *2;!U'_X(M-DZD&_OQ9 6]_SP#?&1P0


M8&RW*8QH?7T





X]70TH52TN0V@U(JN3YX)KEZH%
MMG*4V&V?;P?;A\__RKZ3MQMSD8P^Y9]CZ87ZVZ8B[2A8]^&R_4X:'U@3
MV18@X

MXYG-:NEKUJP!Q()2RG4:8G<;$^=!Y L;@1JM7RP'L0-.EE&L[C.9I!4QL]9
MO]VM(ED?;LDK&XOJ[RM7G)[ NC[:0SK %:B8)LN'8&1[.\)D+C!6:N7:
MP*V




MJVMOW;/^T^W__7@L1MC!)O-4=J7:3UVUJ
B7)]V.Z8/;GO0GFBWJ\]XZ6Y[
M_=WN=@GA9&PJ_8RH1S\\R7FJ*L*P@RU45_WJW$98ZWO0):26KO3KT9J^]K?


MO]O4(0G#?L*W/=3\X?ANL.VQB&(9X-HB.E4

KWQ$@7[KKY$
MGN:WN6U4()!U$]?:$N8%C?_%#MZ5E4%E&=P7DNQ;U





CY24

MD'D-]OVJ -+Z


4ED=4\'?U^]G24@+91*SW!2RQ)VF)T

ZHMNR'0-_[7QP ;2&V1
YWC[957WAST22C$
M=L#GLGTW6'ICZ*^#)-P.^

M81CWY:
M:K< %JWF'=C,5()2Z-V7.L<V0
/YT6'(S.Z3#&S\.73]R1^LJ8\IA
M;:4BN3.P_%SMWZAN_7'DEUH57%870C:=RU41 /GDCC+&G 4
+PAXAHY-YF

M4-97 ]Z72)G^Z=G94R^XNYK.Y9E!;PE6K8NF*AKJ9B:(=5R

M0UX.]X

$K7K!B]=:&PC?7=KP42$^SD;6LHRAL


MU1E_T-GOC5S/
M6

.:O@:?+6__^G&$ZPHP-!4$!9_;L?Z16X.VX9 [FNSF\BZ
MP]]QC7I*Y^Q9[W:#\]W-AE5P\5:$#^Y(%+_T6^ _D .&K(WH:Q#;7D9$!%'\
M6Q#_2\1?=+QZ!_ZZK&JZ
\B?#$5L_

MW\)?/G?^U?O8';Y[\4A

WB;WBVEIR_=R-MS[



F8_@*S
M_V!2YP-P*GCJ












'#B_*K_@Y

ALVYJY?7:6#PVM6ZPF^



M#\[RM+A\F6U!*HN6G(%6!B3OT9[KT62WY YSL)+*C04.'43O&.@A.]AY]W
M]UR.7:NP6DT E@T@R&%M&PHL'U=]!13YE;^L5QK^M7+; ]4.49\-M@J()'





A0O5



MD-8]OQ@N&:NMUMD(D.IWJM/M+JG?6 L(NP(P8;X6G



ZZ2=








M*K$3X8

MT

ZN3KK8O7VARB;7SH)6&Q71]_


M^2]]$:!61VXLI(G+2W_AJ7OXP&*WJ(WY4[[9ZHZ!/@0D56_9TCXZ'.V(=S;D




1# :5



M$

-!8\^K!XE=Y'KN#85I/\P@K\(3#T5\(Q
+Z7,G\HRL.]O#$^ -Q#AQTAXQS.FA<^=
M FH








#A1=




=)WI)F\Z\BE$#A&


H<(I'76M\E(C605\;6 O9Y'\G#G$Y) I'X*=<7VL5\O6



?%*'.:KPNJ;A\IS#]


<QJ\!]
P@35L

M!+L=6L@\E 'M6$D



-Z16N[\#?X-Y$VMF!=VIJH\
1
MKU]68

M%+44PUJ45QV^+ I\!





ZI
Y(
L1-T;OKKQP$J%_B;B0O7 ?BD]FF



#4DY+X





9
T('6K\H
VC
])D


*95NZLC(0VO!QK2N8]5\S0EIJ1FN7$JH38*4&A
@''@+
M97@


MRGMD*:]



:ET
M99U*$/$]1



M)JZ']
^\47+AU


MP7;LSU3VW'+Z(A4HJPQ:K0Z/!:=;8$T#&AU5SO(UZ:R97[U

T3[+'XU:U)5


M

4J8KHH4N(=EF(.V8PKZ

MZR#$F





*?






MN]6IGF

K
M+%PG

MD3(=3CL56* DWPJI0


M-=W'OK^@AXUDTG 1\3(KQ:X36NW

;;7L(K+FHJA<0(D;HG$LAVG
M!NV_

MPF?III -7NP$JQO3T\$;87\G$ RJ-UI

ML*8


MM 



*HE




Q1^EUA%'6^3@
M9GS=3\$DSD&HP1?)DQ)/S&88!=^SS&_I#\FI4\I=A*[JF?2/J3D]^2TQEW'E





M/__ =''6.?_QC74[F9DX7\T1M\9 +)*OL .9 -Z4$\.U2#JT+LMHX7.H!K



MTP#QU
2[@0( 4I\3[@#@50 R$[%-]O6?MI]@.%(J




M5DHJLHF JV'@!3\J+T


7^X

35 UO


MB=^.N(MY\C:+3



9KN33[_
M/ROVTB



[V;S'2B-QMAV9K*#Z7M
?!J-LZQNI-H=U$9
HQ+7



M5CH1S]#[2&E+]:91]B8;








MA0
*?AN'B
OW_(R



MNQ)0?\[8XBF8E%K@S7.I!=(CG5=+SD^06RI91+]BB7((*IDZ1S&V7\CXA$
M\TY#8 LUUSG6W@6J2#).CPT@J8RKJ15W@GT^QN#)'.'\-702%(5&#T&@O6[
MU&[BZV,;!9#TB_P@*ZEYR[G5%AAP(C;EFK^B;DI'&28$+]&%!V&:/U(+G?
MYN+S#Z447H8@Z&\EFE^EQID%OL#%:$*.: Z*.W(B,B8]Y):3%RK)&BL+)H
M08IHUAG41W3Q:9#O0@/8.)*W.*L8.PGDJ*WR-.;ZB:Z]
I.1ZN13F%_RV/
M^D'=T^P!S7]D#Y05TGB78'R2J/-
.[!R[DC$SU!E2
0:)ET-IB)^1=%9V@EX


M@#4GHAM:A*]

ME
A0+.0CS&9-4$XS5GIVA&Z^$44:L[(7O!] C7B93.\'^P!-%27B.F3E6SFU
M_@


MOM+=$FPG


M*-U4ZAGCAIQ0AH;)[^-R.IE^:S&=:)\U'@[M0P6P-JX1BDE))$/1Q@YCFNW
MI&=DRRP\[,)#HAGCO8'TN.AN.[+7:92V-KM9B: 2G
SVWJTQ05-
FF9'REN


CZ


BC3UMZSA+/S
M'.3)V!LKC8LH?=J



;=8/2%M(CTO=:Z(6EG\J'(H2)'!=&JZ93H37DI]/26$JQGI





M]5.=.\?:D 
;Y\#40X1](@T9Q/+_2:%@Y!HVH


M9%K2I5TFZ2=ZX?\F@?(9I?48MHR-T21
.265_
FH3]M%P[&.3$@NPW=W+;X_


\

]MDQTJ?1F4&P
5RR\Y1)[
M\@JRAQ73
O*M@
@'' K


+
/%/6*#*%]-
'KN^N?YD9H]QFA)'/SCUGZ





M7N!E^D-







ZDTY[LQ
YE)N@.Q=X;E3:JEX+T?XO


)1M^(Y!T[ \L$97%UJ
9N9
M3NF.+9XT 6R(AC'J+OLTD5(V
Z=6$R[\9L1R:Y$F:X')M

M*;R$DTX WC1.A&O1B(UI@!V15$]=


MGMK!V-0UC3O49KJ?Z=[N.
W4_!/#8D*GNWJ G2.L=&0 /Q2EH^FHY0P@A6.L







$-$8N*V.Q))U=.5Y0]8WP3+USEG:LZ
M5P#P2OO=
[.DGN;A:


MFEA

YV'&?&:AL#OJEYF/T=M1%L



M



EOC)
B6S5'$6:*\G DH$K)_%03U+4=5%6M/2 !2E4

!+&'/!6#8G

;!QC0%V??)_ V 4(RH

KCO!06KP%K7CL; SDYR6


1V

9Z]Z8V1AI7
MA#0Y9\[43H[5T%J&C]1(









MN23_/4(/-3.O.P$'3##SC%_-QCJ#ECQ/[?QRIY(#\CGQ(#OIS*2OG5K G]#A

!X
M-HW@Y1$-3H)QUKL KB%H


M.*%_YW



MD


M4VA










MN3J:E(63:R8.#!/



M76=-Y+


PICF:FAE^[S?U8HT
MUV-$9)TIERXJB-2 AIQ) 79^H)D5/]C2;D1/**HYU$B?E1?-Y-OT;91+D:H7
MD-HS9AE3T
D
T+)1:[S=

IJX)2J[BI%S/F?*?;

5Y D7520F42_8KE_ BJ1TIRM612(2S<4-
MU8$V(
0Q8
M/ZA[FCV@^8_L[-S+ [<8GB3K/=+X)9[%$_ R5.D6LZ]+58KB5Q2=I9.
M%EV,*H+TY(DJEIFD0E!PHLIQR5F5J4WD3'Q$LT'E2U#<4);F:8XH&R*(-(_'
M8(X&=S*N#'<D($RJ<)3-6V<* )78!J@.)$K
:6VE63P%[5GZ6A/U!&#
%

MZ;Q
L+TDX\30?LA!00+&%FZ@^E_@;$*2=?T#DH-G23LG]6]Q\%=UP@[H^L
M.S4

M@: IFSBRE:B1- ;Z2(^B7E2
=UH5$-KI@M+CQQ.N9R9W.?KOHICZ%KDR]LL-
ML-P










^+S_8O6N?#E\MJ/V 9LST:)=.$&W\X


E+VLL!F$-9


O


($ H1
MNAFYU30B;])QFG2< \M7:=)QGG,Z#HCN$%@.UU'[B!K0#P#4V2^J[V;AVD?


UCJEC&_CL==TVV=G353






M^!W^0'6MYYFZ5@
Q9/J





MR((W(C0GX&TTL/T@G
*KHR )T9TRMNX2^#-8MRTL'O
2? F+QZ8B'+GPH.-&

L

!\_AB6.L
MSJ%#0NJPIUB6C601):
)/SRR?7PV!D0^/I.19TN5
\Q5/K3W;HB ?;2^ W

&

%
5KI&_0UL+!7
MX)1 ]/*J =FX^JJYBJ9QJP3$3K:;W^U1\4DI)#/DFHF:T/%&R=U_ Y8)'CAA
WQ_@^1^(00(X@*P3]6I-[A9PG'CAW4P2Q)D=[*=#
MBVI9G%DEB^V-7_]U4LW24FD+


M'#KQMIC_!3SZ-+9A

M/IF'OZ+K



E[8IF)7+8\O-AB0-M :TDZ
M95%4!+R





M-7QO


M1ZW170N[M@B7[9P8:]9Z*YHL%




MH\1V2&7GGX_#MN(


)6\(L08






M8:Z!]!^QFRKWS:@;U^%R9]$:2&R[V]
R2S2H&?MR@AP7C\+F7J91+ '9VZ6.
MYA0\]P2?A!^1 XSB'1%:-^&ZZ[E

*8^MUU%A/$G2;RV
MQIX7T$A!%#'ES:CRI$C:]%0;=P'=(0#SY^4BB_&CLF\-/8P\2=(1JY3-#Z
MB0H




M?/^.%#&_IH=;1^.!:E/]@:@)%/5NQDPIZ6#B.4R6N@7QX.E?XXAZ2_ERA-VF


O'NCFOGW%E\Y?4UT



M8


3
5&@


O*%T.$

M
Y3%#&^F$QQUUB)F3:M\QG02#7ZL;L#DHM!V5)T#2$Y@3Z:./;+AYXD
Q[#V








B1#L1EUNFDC0KO?R2TZ/


%0#U: =C/#T
!WE%D7I;\XKW.E$T)\Y3WX-3
M9D(7[2


MFUQ@3VP'

M78_B(*4!@2EZ3]@5_,TZP:S%%@E\DG]]/
.DDMDO_M!
DS7ND:Q1CU*4)_

MHF$*_3.E'X*T0;6L9+51M4G6YEH4@MF3S4R^!&#S!?;]G(ID)
VEZ9 ^)9NE


0AC
MQ[DK:0*4F',:H:L @O^Q-G@D\@16\:^YN987)S+5.=SJ]==+*V)%S?I+/+*
M?B#Y7363E]+#4E*1@I2]5@DCY]M=\[@2.HDX H)N$(KI \]VJKYXS#ED
\0@*ND(!/3<C6T1,5\O PJIZH\35&Q42<(4$7$!'ZT,;J/RUF%



1:OSFXK!]V_J^/\A[W_*OU+YFBV^]9^^*-

CKCPZ[C!&W*WO_25=

M$$_%MOTB0^

MJ)'Y[FDK9UN_KRZ\



]?AT50)HU-6S1
MS&5=1 X0?6'79;V&M#M1@!U 5?=$Q8ZI+Q]M+PJP_V*R;'/-0?



/WY0N#

M]''EL=%U

MWB(9U_//M.& ::D6C53(K3OH:BV-G:^5((OLOO*9#637-A7+,MH$,#.A5W[
MZ7&NI^Q)6Y*K2SY2YF5[WKR,F64PM\[8KKR& ]:!,4DH^V4C$:JI_QO K80

MATDQ?(C.C&NP\[B']Z)IQ8.J=LW?Y:/G/*)&N('OVZ%Q*RR&'4Q;HV0#H-J7







YV_D1L@[
MVG

1&/JN98

)F^Q*&@'FGT(88UMV#6H8FV75*S:

ML7A T;[1IQ1/G\P;_/Q0CD3DA'.L!J

- 1 (/Z5


;N#PAR^&\HN8O()K

N;R!_B^;L$*I Y=+1_\= 3
MB

;NA.



[;^#9NP7E(+5FHSNV/V94VB

M^Q)1IDF^H9VZR)AK8;0DAVP$K8A![V


K+3<#[-;/9?O']U_<A+]FTS4:MU<W?< ?M



MGB_$SV
)%%8;3KT@H



M&IZ'ZJWA QRN!D*'A$^'-=:N!#D/L'Q757+*1^%$*..;;CRD.[T9@ 6P[@25





P7V2U_&L4T8D9C'' .)
N &@2A8L/#=D%A4.JM%I8@V<J0-B?(PD
MQ



M_
=MFIW9-[/V^=W

C+YZM7XAJ8?OSHMI
MS6Z^H[,]T\J3S/Q2;N9=9K1];98<?0YA:X6&K/(O5_.NW\OW\4XO^?+ =[@Z
MU6,8W]LNW<*F3SY*35&XC#IXANT8U#.<#+.4FYESC\NY7S9%ASQ51L-_3^_

MX/S  %)HE-NY='.H_[%3F=QK)B7BVW??9%Q&!?^_\AN9U-RH8JWKR:NZZ)D-
M
















^?X=1P+L
##DLQT0




M@[?DH[ =.NF3X3YXOD^9@9VJ7!4:CQ _V7W-+





M(5JT(T




MR!NZ?_7VS';A#VH.
)G8(=E4^8J1:(F7CVY







/ZO1
MZAJJ_PFV$Y#^(P@=43*TT:\BGIGUSIGMH]5J$[.B@6%L!S&&+OHGOE3*5*AV
M/$]@6*!ZDJHUCP52Q9P&.C6#U,P)E+1H%2G(VTK@P@D;[$Y0F(9D#=KC;'_
M#0L.;#27/-M/'^Y^?+S&(UL&8\]A5XGVAD[=M0,+QE6F3)!_N.[;)HJ[/)W





MJ;X:%B&G7F.QK /.56\B?XCG0]=V[+2
8W7H-ZGMZ
_5=C!OC% \JY+3
ZSQ



)IL?(AKXP1I:5=SG39$SA.\#@RWLO1=ALSYN6#E$DCD0
MXNM_ZJ:$;&F1PX
&&T7

C(XE&4GG\%I
M(O6$*AG^3(?'&=IT]Y]N* [#K=9&(Q!*


/N
8QYW('.(J97LD#G7OGW






4!XA++QN'7TCK9Y


M\&R7DM=9:3#OKZU':3)7DSS2=-[H8E[IQO3-I97FII_^

M]*9K) 4U



\&5%KYML2IZ*[[EP
L2SV1RC9

VF525!VHWNN\8)'T(T19KG@

$2ZJ2-PB-?L:YL$]_VR)WY
M3F.3R59IK.FTE5UR[O!*N(BH(H=2SD@HS%JW5R6&;\F\?KN(J&()#. U
W:_


M&YG(T?W01T;DIMJAI5J?'0-FZI&GJ;V8_7E
N4E5ZE594Z_6Z3/T03@8J$!\


MWNV*

_3D@VCP)S4:]^:;K7Y&M'



N&
M4S:)M
M\[$VDJEZ!IW-4E<]@PYSQ5#U#K15$YD'E7/H'UQNNH95*(IG-[]<]4SJ.H9
MM'^#I.H95)J95#V#JB.EM$?*H:=2]0PJQP%?]0S:DZ-=]0PJS0RJGD%%7[=L

^C%V1Y9]?&VFZ7J&;1KR:MZ!AUI

3C0 /_QQ0NE
M89I&*FAF*![!^]]\#P/\#/EU \0!TU6\;[!+&LN9'Z[J$E(7( &&02=8=CQE
M3F'-PMWW9\DQ4C23SCZ_9HA#MR\ )E: R%G;Q0-W2UPS_Q07P_%#XGG8?@
MR



MD)J652:#KO5 -*9 S#

(



M(H W(S@O07AYCCA?UW
O__[;5V

M;GPIV

M*G*^^=Z'Z(%\$6V%+[EO*4\
91-





#?_[C5K';!_?$IRZ!!=T)&W=.A5+.%DT$/9XJL-A=?
RS1K

M+LWK ^9'._TEOZX;;?%Y1


MM:O^NDDNAUZ0

N


VH8WEVXB7

:F0
I= /2D3$1N&M1=<Z0SKG::VP%KC 8O;B$'=N!X<A8K&N\
M
6N-1L
81KXNK=Y*TYVGF-@!XW0*O87PG[XW$P[\(!Y\2;PG@F)@@O2Z
]0K
BJ!IDLU+T;TOUJB'2*2Z%)28O?7WY 2+4J4:<E-S\$I_5 XY
QP^#PD
MQ1E1TO[O




&!P&#

W)


5#J'@E0Q%5FBY&#/B;UZ.IDKI2II@0)['?C?8T]
[YM[

HZ9$W$

CODNT7(MSI(
_ &05--!/:*
]AO
M1/


M?
^@1\&$CCQR&(:+(


+_K(
V:3'CE[#41_[/ 83ZYQ3.%MUY@QW=8Q'=7


VDO-Y)


MA5(KS@




MV6B










E^4;5'3
M[ R- ?M=P&'@3@+Z34+_G@3@A86F9?)VLE8?;LC(TEN0A(W2-EXI*]L7V 2L

M-?/*G4D$7&EB7\)DGAY:)6]GS4@=5&5-:^*5
9.!ZQ#7FFJZO)TQ(_-0E;'K















M*J_;N


M+8E7T99$&MC^D$YL5K&J?F15\?[E;V_ST'O!) GBZ-/.9+RWX^'(CZ=!]/1I
MY]O]Z.3^]/)RQTM2%$U1&$?XTTX4[_SM__[P/Q[]]\L?1R/O(L#A]-@[B_W1


GG;W



H#=)W!A:9Y[)2^7-F
MSP3//NV$E&[$&L-DOZCQ3Q#:]'U!NTL2L-:^X^VN)^1G%#)[WC]CG8ZJ82%
MNQ?C%A&J^C-. Q^%1C()*3L1D'4NS!!);F8W^9Y*!):@ZFI.A?L/HW][\]Q



MHLYR%9@L?

ME/48I!0MBDYSBGHR )0
0-I+%K%JAE


M#K4\[B5( !./$-JNA.1JNL-^3


Z Q5 BPTV^!J\^


M)C?Z

MF7PJ
?_%IQO<]7(:H%JWSQ9R5


I--)SD0YA
M4M

D 46CH'26TS64VSZSCR

9(K*L!D9'M1J4R/


GM@HI_N4DF9

MQLIFVIJD-[



M7SF9SH

MK)]S
-1O6[J9R6[^%LRS:^ALSQ-88+I[QQLU?;7R_D!82-K*YH*%*X.TEY

O


M%:RLND
F1W[]

M?:F9_A[BW

1NV B]\
2A



 



VX?8P?LFX/!DTV:6
MW(:6T;I[;9V@;7@QT
3A&2FP?9Q+O862M^YK










_YB




MFO#


:J-P78B8W59 VM_HF@N5AT+N)-6
AC##RRY$ C=\FB+Y'O





BO50IQ$5@2)(YA#Z@L'O&7J4+DU'E

MJZXVQ+U#KU_IT) $*&33I^Q9D@23%]7N%0BM[:4J$1RR^S:T)G!N[7@I^GVV

M4GVDK@Q7W'BQ-D[/QS1+-K7(-=C@?)5;3?&




M8 8VW2)

Z^&-C0


UQ62<XJ^RS+1C?

SB/DIWBZ;H27L;$]H.H$9[6-
MM@7I8@EN^O^9]CY[
 /;3\1V@J[




PC;A
D
M[
[5_F^\ FBD@8M_=L%$M6%@:[YC4#Y4$B@T8Y_D6'YK 'W,$*EU ZR1XZ


#$X
3(S

M6[9\29Q

M$'T?72_H3J)H]GEO[_7U=1# %_L5HI_AP(%JY.YAC!RPH.5[8_!JSQ^'^S__
M\^#B8']X
?CP_^3W&HR([B<#'4

MS@1



M[\D'IV&H



6Y!.J0M]Z0$ZP&S,




M0/+DN.OB9I!H%/+I%*+(^Y



M'ZHNT^HTF@+]/4!82-A)_)


6LXIRLGDZKBRI7






M+DEZ%38B




MLTBI#%





S)TJJ5


K:



T*K31%'9;]PF# C;



QQE/BAUJ5&*(HIT#\UZKR



OPP2)F)#I\!E=\D4SCV*=VO6?/89S%



F8
/=I9


L9DJE=*2


MSY58&VO1ZNBMC
WX-32RWU_:
._21F4E;G!A\*3+ZF)RP]/1B?8+@\/]3@J;
MPPA_7VCLAD$2N)?U?!QJ2AFH(:D[SX&9P7L!]EPL.A]S7DN3'%J=UJV0I\YM

MY*CTD@7I^^Y:O3RR\O(3T6V

M2Z])6+P

?FL8&/=M1K[?\##?X5V
!0&5%9:Z8K_



BZG3'?081

G&M4@4@G]2KB

0\D-9LS'L)HZ5SIW4HTL'LR
3.71J^FI4PH12O[0H'C3]\!.


OU1C




<+%&9Q^DE'OCVG[8]JM/:8]?;61
M*[]PL-+
[



6&]JU%<0C8$7Q9CUYB<
QF#F6TM#/)MYCKXIM^DC0P(*3?LPI:&V



1V&^ZK3%!



M66R$M6VJ)%E ^2MG

M.7GC


M\

XQW




7

M4XR7[ON%DF:T;/TZ2%49\S!SUX*ZI1O/9LE3Q;!^W,N$3&G^6/;:6F5Y2P




UIT
A(8;-:
M-KH&A^V#

M=)5
65-/0C9J#YNM?X3RS?X=HH5SSC]#9+4SU/W@H.4*O769DSHKM^







\K-:$


E6O

M%0   &QW87DM
C Q.#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;.5]:W/L-I+E]XW8_X#US$[;$9+O

M7GZ%\B)(HR#)4OR7K]+LJ__X7__]OR'Z?W_^'\?'Z+&2?0C.LOX\MTGOT)







@G




3:&



RHIS7/E8%L]?##H7 \$:%



MPQ$!DA![V4*8+6?I8LD^49?BP
]W?DHEX9H0';XX9$#@Y+U. $OE#18R:+


UF /S1/*7X.-F4XJ-A2O$14BW+0:FG%!^!
MK3F<$AS%Q440QDE<K#4K#C)!KRN92J]]4M!:G*:&*$):Y5<$#62H
Z5W.'G


_G:Q/<!H^+0/R


M4:J]2\]3CM[

+0R(11Z))X?-IO7B[&0AKF]


R&2W.RM1=+'+E4)5IO-L'23%^OQUA5/=


Y0&N8@PXC5D]T#M$)Y@E2T[+NM4S/(_#N)BH

+?G1XIM
VEGM[/

M[O9L@VIX2@FT;')M:D:G
C%_@U
UR
W85)2!4=]J8)*S_
&2WQ;F5_[VGUAW

O+[PQ;+8
HW]W_Q*


M

M4D2/0
TBU+L4D69/^WLN:]%D6EFS$
MU/SO+(W.*<.*]64ZS\BR&H ]YGS\)//&3=]?TKH1;FV2USDHP^#4



L[#
M(/D;#H@Z'*A%?5' !+9A@TH.!#$
X

M/0[R+
7199Z7PAJ'A;S?
:4!=G]LJ1 &P2(;A
(B6-[
3P/$-(]_8ZJHT465



M]X@4

!00TU+D6/PT51(SLA(\Z7

T4+N
T4JH@Q.GP*YC0JJ-*9DCJO/\-


XKSS7ZT&3Y3]KQ^.

(MP:L@CNH$


MQ _!*^Z$?67;D\KZC5D:N/W@)1$$0R\=.C&'[+Q

'T8-#')GY-
M&*F



0?GWUV6%8'-M@]
M


J#MNE#:N]7<? 8)W$1XYP]$
&N

MR@ 


MJ+&+
1
'%^.:@'5HZ1]+ #=:OHI3?#
_)3B*U83IBOBEB@BN3Y+-[V!BB024
M

 VAWE6^ON%!.
MI^!]L\N:9FII




VN!
MB5'64

M03K+:UC?DNK XILE6N-*&!^GPV7CK




M/DO4XQZU@M\^R@2\WT.II

MH387]7

W9E&GI1SFM^#A7
7EJ.
MH1L ;4*GGRFE372P$93K1?5(KBF6Y-*3D(:$:J4-ALQH,01 HV)KY.J
@W
MB)5&PZ


]71%HMX_E\1OWW$I6(.AGX(X9='U
M)KT/$GPS[SU%V;Y#J9IX6I[G=4Y.=2;Y5EI@HE73G%62!5;OI,=E$6F!K





@E

M8MD/3MS36?5ET_96=&@?9Q&M:U+HUBMLNZ83O(A3-LV@8ZJ$I;8\0I4J#-[T
MTJU7P!0.2R4GRW#?AZI



M6YF=8O7F/-5/6I0@AT5^7NT'.BS

3#]G 5(]98JG48P
M)<2UP*4DIITS0W?+;CI$.#I9?Z:#HLNTS6TPH[.=Y^I51D,B@!&&/!\A'^GH
M83F: 4
B4=#%U+C


I?6$B_UUTSC#IMD:9O=
ME,;TWPEF_V#Y!CM)N12%;*?JL^VX.--MS9Z8+CM %:;OYIGA^SHP.!CDR&
MM1.[A T]R2FR-$B@RE(S=

EI;IL[PI)GH16^ZU7\
M/OMH!M]_\U$M#X9:%B#%^W01BO C



M7
XWW(
T=#G'\K+EK;:<Z+5G5SNAI
M*NI!B[$.F(6E_EJ0+?+7DE#)V$QK8H=A6D]G6OI)X.MYUU& 3S@1K)@!O)6



/5+2

9(+ 'A-4.M09M8\(ARH+('BI=LV*



M)H:.12ZNM59VJ@#:G%F!1^IA*^V=S:'.FU[ =3$P:6@U.J8-M$IM\&'7A%P;
MA&?L1JVU
&Y
AONNEB8


MPKRQ '!1H=






FZ/GP
MMP+HX(SW0 H

HO




5I
M^7(9D#6ZF:..'21A+ R:MGFFS^(\3+*\)-B8D$6C
4F.;S5T:;)O41P


MPY]Z)3!

M#-[^E&712YPDU


MM?.Q+DL6UEU-@6'U=OA5V?_.0:6J/

M7_=Z+/*/O.F *A4GHZ(FD#F4(4*)5
@8A)PV -N_475[FBV-'DC&__X#3L

8U

L.&MEH?



M#'1%+$0P-IA#I$W3R#+-+TBPA
 5##)]9KG S_
B7M(PJDIH/!3R21LY
MPY7^A)@"*%-60%%6+7\ELQ&*2XPY2A);[#8;9(8]:;\@0!:_/0RJCG=T!E
MZ49_&&50 D,P6Z3BD(GKH8XB%-J%.'[FEQ1L^:96\$LT$_ ^PU32@*AE@*C(
M?I.CC28,3BE29UO1RU(70 YT,^FL%,'PSP6M-DD/^G'_M%1AT'(BR F///S
M)_ZBD^K5SEF1TH'?9_$=':K2TYK93 $=44\)G31]P ZE@ 0M$V$8L=(]7B
;C9<.R(9:\.(O.(!?%L=:$1T1'WVTHZ
M,OSORF=%28VP R1-@]Y-RTP-<B-@NNVQR+7Y&K+B?/LXTW6A@!0UH;+Y8H.




M(K?K1(U:7E



!AKTC@8NG(-B@+UFC692MV G2[G
8/:LP
MB-UY]NAFKBF#ZZSX&RYJIQ1%.-*6WUQA6[C;SR0VPA 8LF^#7LGXRSPO]TEX
ZVA*OG'7W5M#INLVL
F&-9ADVYK
MB_ \3N


TB5T6CJRM[

9OG)4OU@%C6-5X/Y$^XMEN;RC$^ @:=+$7F3DADZ4 [8!









MOA@-Z



MU[BXF=_A'!/U!
LO
MLX+B30*4(Y1B(#DGEM^/Y$L=UZXK95 K-3V'+!:FN4:8%JU%4S;Q=<%TX'!





22GO=YYD


N


=88LYG(*$H3S@F7R*X)7

MJ%/MP[KW=)6EBP=
EBRMN\+AOHC/IBP#U^5

MA'EB_CHOOZ9Q2L1\-4O[+2 =2.EYMK 20LN@J&]N350+#66Z'NCXWI6#MZ&C
M12EO@E5.2ZH#N+97Z



M:?2V2(?

M#&5'P39$SN YB!


MU9/3JTK[,&Y86+I[&7Z\)*QFP:JVU0C[  DL^CF#YOC!P:I07DKJS6WS6!




M_#QV?4


XD1O%C%I^M_BM7.AO\6M5
MH-T6M8
BO'RO1;] \(RSI[7#

M'P#32^[#*\6\H=.FFD69^L%1=M:I0


M10 

M+8DS?C9F]!A%;@$ NW6N6;!;I@Z=W1K
PMLC413SC2
^H64CDE66UW_)YFC%

MG






M44-!49#XL2Q8REU49$!N$LM]I.V'-I-B?4M=*V9I=/[W

M-!-6:0+J_2DW^






MM)Z25





:HMIEGR'Y#+A&M3<75:UN7FE

M[\])J[$^Q










LO<?'TE5LD87&?;G/BI(:
M;\XG?[=UNLOHL;; #!6V=&!(=ZI]3I3[6OV

BZW;FO;V
3#-

6O/%&N[%4*0V'F[ZKSXSG
M331ZVV+W$A1




DLC681R_N7\_G.





9A&D

.H!:


MG)847]U0V85:/







W\(DZ#-*2@V.D8;7 =R@*J.R-$94/
YJA505QGXAKA&:R;




K7M?*T]R@H


M!*O?;YJX
Z&.=$X6.4TN'$T XLM8Y
K.A]&AEX%&NS8!JLKM:Q9\!8ZHIVL

M4AH-6)71[$WF=S@O$[8$PNZGWY(X(]7N)96]S7+^_KM+S3G9!=0



^8\UZ/-73
)8]^BRDQ5 06H+\/OD



M7/



';*F
MY;DS\F*OOAV]^_Z_C\^.WQU].GR=
1;.[(C]*_O[9_;SNP_L_XX^/AP?_?+N

6#\\)?7T/WU38'!

&H^/TB_\&Z1NMEFRZA[7]C?6VW:#

_8Z8V.@
4]^Y]H*=V^'3A!2]: JQUZDGS

32$ 9W6L2J0;8W+J7@=S2@




MD$_


J*5@_49@ Y(#-(U:^G
M7?

3&V5:?=LEL)$*.PQN
MG




M7?H/XGG_\(

MA3)\:DV!N/QL+BX[C&MVW1*LY,T#P#Z\S3Y3&KDGH T?ED+CIR62E&C+
M*5MHYP&5'D J#8&0?#87DD;.


M' J*T8=ZH1@







T !SIYV\Z3_XVB;

ZN:

?2E1GA!^?X0;N#:CFJ0D(7A(%/UZ#CPJY,
ME2O7?G0]-W()SVNM5T17&Z!PG@AX^[1%ETYF3'SJ,&!V-D??#S&UA$*)H
M=
2F6&1(Z7II; Q%:K##.D#4@9H-DT#)(Q!07$3MH= 
=@C7AD;.N3'H\/)A
M==ZD (FZ@(.9)F$DY]\HF!HJ\POQ*;6% C/8\;HM

C8[H065C!I*) TP30UD?




MCO6MB

SVWJN_X\G#A.O(B32K#L-.(Z


9K%7SWB48 ;L;T9*-3!PJB43


M;%;23MBIUUU0

3=2;.0N(@U0\J(]P85;%?:LK=P
M?5H
;V;9*\[%=T!+GL(/



MQ_8V:$(DY=H
98+_IK=7XD$;V;5@CR2V+NB'[JW00\JF!C,@SS#*S79UFY


MMSUR

(&:

\Z[C:3C7=:NHZR)S3

U
M:O+J0@!I[C9&;)HY*10/P+3URV
[Q:V*[F\*VAN&HRC:N:_
T
%2ZQFI'-
M\X5PZT8

@W5:E

67K3Z9KBJD*Z6O

HKLSQY)
/*GQ0(\8O6!



H#IT

M*2^0ZD\39[;J78FV]-!+PPZ@.CJ2W$5-6@OPRK4?70\88M:E@U[H=1LVIT2
MIMN=M_:JK=&Y[FIP=8VT$MSHJ,QI\]WL@JC1D;&VEI:D2MMPFU8P=2H&D

X @N X-*/##/3PUV#*AE-SN+1J5X#Y0772(0/5E

MH?-I B S

MLW@:A)#8+T'%+QM)ZVV $\AE1VPY3(.+P*ZJ27'5'13O5RM ;*^4%W8]G6V
M]KJ@EM3XM8(QN-;\ZR !!3$/: :

GQU5KAAWT9.NZD;
M$S9%*%VQV: HT CL#M6&X:NR=M4&@61VHTCW-I1!HP39^^%+M_:L#KM50? ^
OTY2ZX''Y&ONFP!,1)M$(@$VE(;C.C*G -#*._VXN?ZPYY*&?#<7U
MX$I5&G^V#JPS-W2\((PI87\Y.K22SKPN8W% B)49;^C<]K-2YLJDFD1IB*'

M_:C

'=)-)&.WE4GTH=#*Z?R-RNA8]G^U%I3PIY:0A;5$PS0
M%??1O/HM*:='A7D:0C&LGZ'0UM4^)






F&5\*=@DX[$Y
J?VHGE^U6[
'/$K
YR


M*;



MJ17(K%!V!;^$: I48'&8@E[^SDZH 9NX#_BA '/P4@G #* $U2&@F &[@\NI
MF0*?EEC
0/+=FF2KO^%V-R*X&ZT=,!@-#5(@#-S34%46SQFH+K.PP#*.X!







MI Z?;.[4ZH&HRE*:
*E^N/J4!2L\L9B^
)-J$2_NN.YXA1?9;Y:$VIR+*_Z

.EWJNCE1LWX)=7 YUK%
]]$MF=F#,WR4-S,SF<SXO[R6LN[NPH2;9F
MBYCGIB_X:2M#&ZK82WD7=6@O1=/TX2R[@\Y82/TE;%OK=*#5)(CMA^JB!:UD


@.J5@@1


6E.]U

M


O^%+!X)%:
)[([MX]#0V J26O(Q



M-!8DT2S[6B;32A




M]6*^ -T3)Z9))OWYJ^/%;%6]8/SS#*(XE?#-K/J6U&3!Q2'!L!_RV.=^?=C[

MU96UH9-UQH[X=




R/2-
H$Y:ZY_]V2.)




7


V6'M65+4-IA23TC/3_0ZX#[5O
M\Z7Z?=A]'W;?UZS9UZS9UZS9UZP9

M6MB1W!X0ZR1%

M\Q'9HDKG+Q\VNZ
_Z[JCBZ2M
*.]]TN;
;.+X&2%
JZ91CV\$.^9? G\Z*G=
M=@ZBNP-1X'Y$:[Z54.?EG\2F#R]!7]JQ)H=M*VQ?*RJ2-%X9MF$-#)8/



MHO




;5U$(TYF)Z_KIT:5H1F W]

1WW'76S





;
M&.8V(Q6B#MLNU :ZR@;!5
H
4
^R$YLVJLJ.Z

#GUVS*3W^43EBU5^O3$U;S$:M

MLGP%^CK)C4MN?\1L2*M-?^DEEIX_

MBH

VUJ#(C+8

0S0;7EE!KNDT@&PGMTN
M35=0




M4K68#
7WU%ZZ?+WH@*Z8!';8O1]L52(R%%F^1&6_95[:TV#!_YN*WY]F$6H=



MKT_T9)\5N1]_F+M9*

M
R+L


DSIV7*8W'6LEU?''Y_K:I[X=
MCS$C5L)

MUMZ)Z*[8GCHB-


MF3V#?
T
'6C4W^KT&X3_S4$)=1%E!DMJD7PABT?9+8&&IMCG@B&G06T)%@C*

YS$-CY5_WI<__0C&1M

M?+B
/-




$GOW/#[!24DKSC GT_ZXOKN(EX

-:]WO #O\
M8/!J^YNQ8@SC24+;.C _CD)N=4]6C&'WT]5: [/#LECH_?N8NFY
Y=
OY#H

_8%T'?AKCXF^X1ZM+
MG[$:)^+;1O4/K:^C:]S@QZH68/P@.?$BB=4%Q=]1?'BR_6U5:]



*+$&S:TPW;LRX- @D'WX[


]T
I^


M

7?@
N96RG$
S1C+2S7KP#YNQ](.V_\%E4;@7A*AK:3@X&7IQNFU8RXLAV)^
M5&9$G]\P0X.V-$









M:A;XWL5EBM%JOHMK/;13SP[#FUE21D;NVY)T&2
F=2X
\685QJ7T7S6T-0P+
MD7Y5+8

[#18+-2E
M(
M5'[E(3@IV&:R_/]N9,=R9Z 7Z9FL)O!3Q;<?R<Y88$)C.:PI2D2DW&\(WRI

3@Q
M
C


