

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-16-000525
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160902
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160901
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HISPANICA INTERNATIONAL DELIGHTS OF AMERICA
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				462552550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55464
		FILM NUMBER:		161866760
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		575 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 928-5070
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		575 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022






 2016 ANNUAL REPORT



     



U.S. SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549









    
    

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
        THE SECURITIES 
        


May 31
2016





    
    

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
        OF THE SECURITIES 
        


For the transition period from _______________
to _______________





Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc.

    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 4
    
    



    
    

    
        
        
    
    









Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;






    
    



accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of the &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp; Yes&nbsp;


 2016 (the last day of the registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed fourth fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s 13
040
471 shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $14
344
518 (based on its reported last sale price on May 25
 2016 of $1.10
per share).


 2016
 there were 14
112
151 shares of the
registrant's common stock
 par value $0.001
 issued and outstanding.




























    
    













    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    












    
    







statements. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
 including
 among other things
 statements regarding
our business strategy
 future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include
 among others
those statements using words such as &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
and similar language.


forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions
 there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Factors that might cause or contribute to
such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the sections &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo; You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release
any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.


&rdquo;
&ldquo;Hispanica International Delights of America
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;
mean Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc.








    
    









Hispanica International Delights
of America
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;HISP&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated
on April 15
 engaged in the distribution
of proprietary
 licensed and third party Hispanic and ethnic food and beverages throughout the United States. HISP has already
begun to distribute fruit juices
 nectars
 and milk based products and expects begin to distribute teas
 carbonated drinks
 dry
goods
 preserves
 frozen foods and bakery products. The brands distributed are under a proprietary basis (through distribution
agreements and/or exclusive licensing arrangements). Our brands emulate the flavors
 tastes
 and traditions which have been known
for generations among the Hispanic and other ethnic groups and are now becoming part of the American mainstream diet. 


and via strategic alliances and acquisitions) using the public capital markets for access to capital. The companies and assets
sought by us will be those that already have market penetration in the following segments: (1) Food Distribution and Manufacturing;
(2) Beverage Brands and (3) Distribution Food Service.


000 in GRAN NEVADA
(GN) products
 and our objective is to grow the GN business to over $1 million per year. Our management team has over 30 years
of combined experience in the Hispanic food and beverage industry to generate these sales. In July 2016
 we acquired the company&rsquo;s
first Direct Store Delivery (&ldquo;DSD&rdquo;) in an all cash purchase. HISP has new key personnel with previous managerial experience
to begin the implementation of increasing our sales to potentially growing the business with a target of $5MM in revenues with
plans to continue its growth via mergers and acquisitions.

Nevada Beverage
 Inc. (&ldquo;Gran Nevada&rdquo;)
 an entity related through common management. The agreement provides us with
the right to sell and distribute Gran Nevada's beverages in Texas and California with purchase prices at the then applicable wholesale
prices charged to Gran Nevada's distributors. The agreement is for an initial term of five years with automatic renewals of successive
five year terms unless terminated.&nbsp; We initiated sales and distribution operations in March 2014.



 2015
 the company entered into an agreement
to acquire a 20% minority equity interest in Just Buns Inc. in exchange for 20
000 shares to the Company&#146;s common stock.
The Company also entered into an exclusive Distribution Agreement with Just Buns
sold
under the name &#147;Swirly Buns&#148;. As of the date of this filing the Company has not finalized these transactions. Upon
finalization the Company will issue 20
000 shares of common stock.



 2016
 we entered into a Stock Purchase and
Sale Agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Energy Sources Distributors
 Inc. (&ldquo;ESD&rdquo;)
from its three founding shareholders. ESD provides wholesale distribution of specialty beverage products from its headquarters
in Gilroy
 California. The total purchase price for the acquisition was $450
000 in cash. We retained one of the selling founders
as General Manager for a term of twelve (12) months pursuant to an employment agreement to manage operations at the ESD facility
in Gilroy
 California. ESD is now a wholly-owned subsidiary. Effective July 5
 2016
 we entered into a Senior Secured Revolving
Credit Facility Agreement (the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) with TCA Global Credit Master fund
 L.P. (&ldquo;TCA&rdquo;) which
allows the Company to borrow up to $7.5 million. However
 as of the execution date of the Credit Facility
 only $1.6 million has
been allocated by TCA to the Company for working capital financing and for any other purpose permitted under the terms of the
Credit Facility. ESD is Corporate Guarantor to the Credit Facility. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 we are obligated to
pay approximately $544
000 of transaction fees to TCA including a Transaction Advisory Fee equal to 2% of the loan commitment
amount
 as defined by the Credit Facility
 and an Advisory Fee of $350
000 which may be paid in restricted stock or cash. On July
5
 2016 the Company borrowed $650
000 from the Credit Facility and used the proceeds to complete the acquisition of ESD; payoff
outstanding secured obligations; to pay vendors for inventory purchases transaction and closing fee to TCA.




    
    




with distribution operations in the New York City Tri-State Region
 the Washington
 D.C. Metro Area
 the Houston Metropolitan Area
and in Los Angeles and the Northern California Region.







as well as nationally recognized branded beverages through ESD. We plan to market and sell more traditional Hispanic and ethnic
food packaged products and will license and/or acquire existing brands and distributors of Hispanic products. Brands sought by
us are primarily engaged in the business of developing
 manufacturing
 marketing and selling unique
 premium
 alcoholic and non-alcoholic
beverages as well as all natural food products that&nbsp;target toward Hispanic and ethnic-neutral consumers.



through various channels. We began distributing the beverage products of Gran Nevada in the third fiscal quarter of 2014. Gran
Nevada is the sole manufacturer for its product line
 and there are no alternate suppliers in the event that Gran Nevada or its
suppliers are unable or unwilling to provide us with the products needed to meet demand. We use an unrelated third party to package
our products for distribution.


 Gran Nevada had eight (8) SKUs that are manufactured
in North America. Gran Nevada intends to expand to 13 SKUs by adding five new product lines of popular existing flavors in larger
formats. We currently sell 70% of Gran Nevada products through distributors to grocery stores
 which want larger containers for
home consumption and food service markets rather than just the current eight single serve products. We will package
 in Q4 2017
the Gran Nevada Horchata de Morro and Mexican Horchata in 1 liter Tetra Pack cartons
 Tamarind
 Mango &amp; Guava flavors in 64oz
PET containers.. The Gran Nevada products distributed are all natural
 not from&nbsp;concentrate
 preservative-free Aguas&nbsp;Frescas
(Mexican Horchata
 Horchata de Morro
 Tamarindo
 Hibiscus
 Mango
 Guava
 Pineapple
 and Limeade). These products are geared&nbsp;towards&nbsp;the
Hispanic market
 but may appeal&nbsp;to almost&nbsp;any palate. An important part of our overall strategy will be expansion through
the acquisition of distributors.


and we regularly seek to broaden our distribution channels.&nbsp; We have engaged third party sales and marketing brokers in many
areas of the country. We also now sell directly to retailers through ESD
 including large chain stores. Direct to retail enables
manufacturers to offer better prices to retailers
 which results in higher gross margins for retailers.




for our name and logo. As of the date of this annual report
 we do not have any trademarks or copyrights for our intellectual property.






    
    






we expect to have a portfolio of products that will not only include beverages. Our main competitors include Goya Foods
 Marquez
Brothers International
 Diaz Foods
 La Fe Foods International
 Grace Foods
 as well as other regional Ethnic Food Distributors.
We will focus&nbsp;on selecting brands of all natural packaged foods. Although some competitors are selling and distributing similar
products
 they use different packaging options and in particular market foods that have high contents of artificial flavors
 colors
and sweeteners as well high sodium contents. Additionally
 our competitors import the majority of their distributed products
 which
are made with lower quality and price point raw materials. We will focus on distributing all natural products as well as obtaining
exclusive rights to brands that can be manufactured closer to its U.S. market base.&nbsp; We are committed to building long-term
relationships with our consumers by offering superior
 high quality products at the most competitive prices.


in our market compete for brand recognition
 ingredient sourcing
 qualified personnel
 distribution and product shelf space.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
a developing company
 a majority of our competitors are more established and better capitalized.&nbsp;&nbsp;The packaged beverage
market is generally dominated by the largest beverage providers
 including The Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many
of our competitors enjoy significant brand recognition and consumer confidence and are able to readily secure shelf space and media
attention for their products.&nbsp;Many of our competitors also have existing relationships with the same distribution channels
and retailers through which we sell our products.&nbsp;We intend to compete in the market by offering consumers affordable products
that taste better and possess a longer shelf life than most products in the market.




the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.&nbsp;As such
 it is necessary for us to ensure that we establish
 maintain and make available
for inspection
 records and labels with nutrition information that meet legal food labeling requirements.&nbsp; Our products are
manufactured by contracted production facilities that are subject to many regulations
 including food facility registration
 recordkeeping
good manufacturing practice requirements
 reporting
 preventive controls and inspections.




 2016
 our Chief Executive Officer
 President
and our Chief Operating Officer were our sole employees. Other executive and management positions are being filled by paid independent
contractors or our directors who do not receive cash compensation but may receive stock compensation. We mitigate the need for
a production staff by purchasing finished inventory. We have contracted with food brokers to represent Gran Nevada to retail stores
nationally. In certain regions of the United States
 we utilize the services of direct sales and distribution companies
 which
sell our products through their distribution channels. This can mitigate the need for a large sales and merchandising force. We
also outsource our logistics to third-parties
 which can reduce the need for employees in these roles.





    
    






as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Stamps Act of 2012 (&ldquo;JOBS Act&rdquo;)
 and may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo;
including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 and exemptions from the requirements of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to hold
a nonbinding advisory vote of shareholders on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved.


for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election
 our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates.


earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year during which our revenues exceed $1 billion
 (2) the date on which we issue more
than $1 billion non-convertible debt in a three year period
 (3) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed pursuant to
the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or (4) when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter.


reporting company&rdquo;
 as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 after we cease to qualify
as an emerging growth company
 certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available
to us as a smaller reporting company
 including (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirements to provide only two years
of audited financial statements
 instead of three years.




Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred net losses of $400
207 and $212
593 for the
years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 has limited revenues and requires additional financing in order to finance
its business activities on an ongoing basis. The Company&rsquo;s future capital requirements will depend on numerous factors
including
 but not limited to
 continued progress in finding business opportunities.


 2016
 we had cash on hand of $27
241
 and an accumulated
deficit of $&nbsp;814
549. See &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&rdquo;






    
    






 we are not
required to provide this information.




 we are not
required to provide this information.




NY on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $750 per month from Robert I. Gunther
 an officer and founding stockholder of the Company.




or
 to our knowledge
 threatened
 to which we are a party.










    
    






ITEM 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Common Stock and Preferred Stock.&nbsp; Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol &ldquo;HISP.&rdquo;&nbsp;The
table below sets forth the high and low reported closing prices per share of Common Stock for the period&rsquo;s indicated. There
is no established public trading market for the Preferred Stock.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



dividends and does not intend to in the foreseeable future. The amount and frequency of future dividends will be determined by
the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors in light of the earnings and financial condition of the Company at such time
 and no assurance
can be given that dividends will be declared or paid in the future.



As
of August 19
 2016
 there were 14
112
151 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 85 shareholders of record. As
of August 19
 2016
 there were 1
200
000 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding held by 4 shareholders of record. Preferred
shares are not convertible and do not receive dividends.




our Common Stock. Future payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on earnings
 capital
requirements
 financial condition and other relevant factors. Although there are no material restrictions limiting or that are
likely to limit
 our ability to pay dividends on our Common Stock
 we presently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use
in our business. We have no present intention to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock.





    
    





 we have issued the
following unregistered equity securities in private transactions without registration under the Securities Act:


 the Company issued 40
000 shares of common
stock to two investors at $0.25 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 40
000 shares of common
stock to three investors at $0.25 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 10
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.25 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 4
000 shares of common
stock to one investors at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 3
000 shares of common stock
to one investor at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 124
000 shares of common
stock to five investors at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 2015
 12
168
905 shares of our common stock was
issued and outstanding.


 the Company issued 24
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.25 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 6
500 shares of common stock
to one investor at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 8
000 shares of common stock
to one investor at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 4
800 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.



 we issued 500
000 shares of common stock to John Romagosa at $0.25 per share
 for services as president of the Company.


 we issued 200
000 shares of Series A preferred
stock to John Romagosa at $0.001 per share
 for services as president of the Company. &nbsp;





    
    




 the Company issued 100
000 shares of common
stock to three investors at $0.25 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 500
000 shares
of common stock to John Romagosa at $0.25 per share
 for services as president of the Company.

 the Company issued 43
266 shares of common
stock to Isabella Giordano at $0.25 per share for repayment of a debt owed by the Company plus interest accrued to the date of
repayment.


 the Company issued 32
000 shares of common
stock to three investors at $0.50 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 14
000 shares of common
stock to five investors at $0.50 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 8
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.50 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 20
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.50 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $0.50 per share for services provided to the Company.


 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common
stock to four investors at $0.50 per share. The proceeds were used for operations of the Company.


 the Company issued 15
000 shares of common
stock to one investor at $1.00 per share for services provided to the Company.

the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933
as amended
 in reliance on the exemption at Section 4(a)(2) and/or
Regulation A Rule 506 for transaction not involving a public offering.





ITEM&nbsp;7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This report includes a number of forward looking statements
that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Forward looking statements are
often identified by words like: believe
 expect
 estimate
 anticipate
 intend
 project and similar expressions
 or words which
by their nature
 refer to future events.&nbsp;&nbsp;You should not place undue certainty on these forward looking statements
 which
apply only as of the date of this annual report.&nbsp;&nbsp;These forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions.





    
    






accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which requires management to make significant judgments and estimates
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. We base these significant judgments and
estimates on historical experience and other applicable assumptions we believe to be reasonable based upon information presently
available. These estimates may change as new events occur
 as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment
changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the financial statements as soon as they became known.
Actual results could materially differ from our estimates under different assumptions
 judgments or conditions.


in Note 1
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 to our financial statements
 included elsewhere in this filing. We have
identified the following as our critical accounting policies and estimates
 which are defined as those that are reflective of significant
judgments and uncertainties
 are the most pervasive and important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of
operations and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions
 judgments or conditions.


our more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements:

&mdash; The financial
statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

&mdash;
ASC Topic 718
&rdquo; prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all
stock-based compensation plans
 including employee stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation
rights.


recorded using the fair value method. The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance with the provisions
of ASC Topic 718.



On February 25
 2016
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &quot;Leases&quot; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial
reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing
equipment
 to recognize on assets and liabilities on their balance sheet for the rights to use those assets for the lease term
and obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as finance
or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public
entities beginning the first quarter 2019. We do not believe that this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements.





    
    




In November 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17
 &quot;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&quot; This amendment simplifies the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective


adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's
results of operation.

In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &quot;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&quot;

 2017

In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &quot;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.&quot; This amendment only
applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing inventory. Entities should now measure
inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of inventory in GAAP with the International

15

no material impact on the Company's results of operation.


In April 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03&nbsp;
 &ldquo;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &ldquo; This guidance requires debt issuance costs
be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for
interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected
early adoption.



On May 14
 2014
 FASB and IASB issued a new joint revenue recognition standard that supersedes nearly all U.S. GAAP guidance on
revenue recognition. The core principal of the standard is that revenue recognition should depict the transfer of goods and services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods



Management does not believe
that any other recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncement
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.



Years Ended May 31
 2016 and 2015




in April 2013 in Delaware
 Maryland
 Virginia
 Pennsylvania
 New York
 Texas and California.&nbsp;&nbsp;The eight products distributed
from Gran Nevada (http://www.grannevadabeverage.com) are all natural
 not from concentrate
 preservative-free brand of aguas frescas
(Mexican Horchata
 Horchata de Morro
 Tamarindo
 Hibiscus
 Mango
 Guava
 Pineapple
 and Limeade) available in the United States
today. Revenues from its eight products for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015 were $193
734 and $214
502
 respectively
 representing
a decrease of approximately ten percent (10%).






    
    




 freight-in
freight-out
 and warehousing expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year ended May 31
 2016
 cost of goods sold was $215
997
or approximately 110% of sales compared to the year ended May 31
 2015 when cost of goods sold was $240
017
 or
approximately 112% of sales. The negative gross profit during 2016 and 2015 was primarily the result of pricing discounts
offered to acquire market share.






 2016
 operating expenses
were $342
506
 an increase of $158
248 or approximately 86% over operating expenses for the year ended May 31
 2015 of
$184
258.&nbsp; The Company continued to incur costs associated with launching commercial operations in the year ended May
31
 2016.


which was $130
200 during the year ended May 31
 2016
 and included $125
200 of stock compensation
as compared to $0 during the year ended May 31
 2015
 (b) professional advisory service fees and consulting fees
 which were $184
081
for the year ended May 31
 2016 as compared to $152
900 during the year ended May 31
 2015
&nbsp;(c) marketing
 promotional
 licensing
and related fees
 which were $5
021 for the year ended May 31
 2016 as compared to $3
417 during the year ended May 31
 2015
&nbsp;(d)
travel
 which was $4
029 during the year ended May 31
 2016 as compared to $1
485 during the year ended May 31
 2015
 (e) rent
which was $9
697 during the year ended May 31
 2016 as compared to $7
500 during the year ended May 31
 2014
 and (f) other
 which
was $9
478 during the year ended May 31
 2016 as compared to $18
956 during the year ended May 31
 2015.






 2016
 the Company received
cash proceeds of $68
000 as a result of the sale of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.&nbsp;The Company utilized the majority of
these funds for operations and distribution
 as well as to promote and market the business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 the Company
used some of the funds for administrative costs
 including legal fees
 audit fees and compensation costs.




of the Company through May 2017. Although our operations have begun to generate increased cash flow we are not yet at the point
that we will be able to maintain our operations. Management will continue to seek financing or raise funds through private placements
so the Company will be able to meet its obligations. As a result
 there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern.


 2016
 we had cash on hand of $27
241
 and an
accumulated deficit of $814
459.

ITEM&nbsp;7A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK


 the Company
is not required to provide this information.




following the signature page to this report. See Item 15 for a list of the financial statements included herein.





    
    



ITEM&nbsp;9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE




ITEM&nbsp;9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES






 without limitation
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management
including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in
part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.


senior management
 consisting of&nbsp;the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officer and the Company&rsquo;s principal
accounting officer
 the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls
and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this
report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based on this evaluation
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officer
and the Company&rsquo;s principal accounting officer concluded
 as of the Evaluation Date
 that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting


Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act.&nbsp;Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving their control objectives. In evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting

Control-Integrated Framework
 our officers concluded that
 during the period covered by this annual
report
 our internal controls over financial reporting were operating effectively.


 the Company does not have an audit
committee and is not currently obligated to have one. Although it remains management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important
internal control over financial reporting
 management does not believe that the lack of an audit committee could result in a material
misstatement in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements in the near future. Accordingly
 management has concluded that this deficiency
alone does not constitute a material weakness in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
 and has considered
the foregoing in its determination that the Company&rsquo;s internal controls over financial reporting and its disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the Evaluation Date.





    
    






report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting as such report
is not required for non-accelerated filers.




reporting during the year ended May 31
 2016 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our
internal controls over financial reporting.










    
    




ITEM&nbsp;10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




current executive officers and directors:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
 2013 (inception)&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 Treasurer

    
    
 2013 (inception)&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 2016




of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Biographical information of each current officer and director
is set forth below.



&ldquo;Oswaldo&rdquo; Leonzo

 and has been employed by HISP since its inception in April of 2013. Mr.
&ldquo;Oswaldo&rdquo; Leonzo&nbsp;has over 13 years&rsquo; experience in the Food and Beverage industry both from the distribution
side as well as the brand side. He has also been working with contract manufacturers and suppliers as well as logistics companies
for transshipments both in the U.S. and overseas for both Export and Imports- primarily in Latin America. For the past 14 years
Fernando Oswaldo Leonzo has worked for the following companies: Deep River Snacks (NYC Regional Sales Manager from February to
December
&nbsp;2011)
 Reeds
 Inc. (New York Metropolitan Area Sales Manager from January to December
 2010)
 Cheeseworks
 Inc.
(Sales Director from December 2008 to December 2009)
 Presto Food &amp; Beverage
 Inc. (President &amp; CEO from July 2001 to December
2008).;&nbsp;Gran Nevada Beverage
 Inc. (President from November 2011 to present). &nbsp;He served on the board of directors and
founded&nbsp;Presto Food &amp; Beverage
 Inc.&nbsp;in 2001. Presto&rsquo;s Hispanic beverage brand
 SolMaya
 grew from zero to
over $2 million in sales. This is primarily why he was selected as a director of HISP. Previously
 he worked for almost a decade
in the financial industry
 initially as a sales executive with regional financial firms and later for a major clearinghouse on
Wall Street. Prior to his financial service industry experience
 he successfully operated a business that distributed recorded
music to retailers in the U.S.
 Mexico and Colombia. He received his undergraduate degree (B.A.) in International Studies from
New York University (NYU). He currently serves on the board of directors of HISP.


 Treasurer and Director

Gunther&nbsp;
For the past five years
 he has managed his own sales business under his own name specializing in products for apparel and construction.
From December 1988 to December 2008 he was a Sr. Account Executive with Georgia Narrow Fabrics / Premier Narrow Fabrics in New
York City. As the one of the firm's producing Account Executives
 he generated sales to major accounts including Jockey
 Fruit
of the Loom
 Warner
 and VF. The product line included a broad range of knit and woven elastic products. In the mid-80s
 he helped
develop new apparel customers and manufacturing facilities for Hewlett Manufacturing. From July 1971 to April 1986
 he was vice
president at Gunther &amp; Sharfman
 a family-owned apparel manufacturing business. He participated in design
 merchandising
 sales
purchasing and manufacturing. His background includes 25 years of experience managing in purchasing and negotiation contracts for
materials. Gunther has a BS from Long Island University.&nbsp; Mr. Gunther&rsquo;s extensive business experience combined with
his personal interest in the business is expected to provide the Board with insight and guidance in matters of corporate finance
business development and industry strategy.





    
    





&nbsp;
managing director and founder of Latin Sales &amp; Marketing
 LLC. (&ldquo;LSM&ldquo;)
 founded in 2012. LSM is a leading brokerage/marketing/consulting
firm innovating the retail
 foodservice and private label sector of the Hispanic consumer packed goods industry. LSM facilitates
the emergence of major Latin manufacturers and US manufacturers for the steadily growing Hispanic market in the USA. Mr. Romagosa's
extensive experience and relationships
 within the Hispanic and Ethnic Food industry
 will benefit the Board of Hispanica as it
positions the company
 its management
 its products
 and its distribution channels in becoming a leading edge company in the fastest
growing segment of the food industry.


International Distributors
 LLC
 a leading ethnic foods distributor on the east coast
 holding a chief procurement role for over
ten years. Mr. Romagosa helped build that company from $9 million in revenues to over $100 million in revenues during his tenure
before successfully selling the business in 2011. He has received Chamber of Commerce awards in New York and New Jersey
 and has
been responsible for the contribution of over a million pounds of donated products to food banks in the Northeast of the US. Mr.
Romagosa is an Alumni of Saint John's University where he studied Finance
 Business Administration
 and Marketing.

 joined the Board of Directors in
July 2016 and brings with him the expertise of navigating the public markets. Dr. Bassam Damaj currently serves as President and
CEO of Innovus Pharma (OTCQB: INNV). Prior to joining Innovus Dr. Damaj served as President &amp; Chief Executive Officer of Apricus
Biosciences
 Inc.
 (NASDAQ: APRI) from December 2009 until November 2012. At Apricus Bio
 Dr. Damaj was responsible for the approval
of its lead drug
 Vitaros
 a treatment for erectile dysfunction. Dr. Damaj also signed multimillion dollar partnerships between
Apricus Bio and leading pharmaceutical companies such as Abbott
 Novartis-Sandoz and Takeda. Before Apricus Bio
 Dr. Damaj was
a co-founder of Bio-Quant
 Inc. and served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer and a Director of Bio-Quant's
Board of Directors from its inception in June 2000 until its acquisition by Apricus Biosciences in December 2009. In addition
Dr. Damaj was the founder
 Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer of R&amp;D Healthcare
 and the co-founder of Celltek
Biotechnologies. He also served as a Director of the Board of Directors at CreAgri
 Inc. and was a Member of the Scientific Advisory
Board of MicroIslet
 Inc. He is the author of the Immunological Reagents and Solutions reference book
 the inventor of many patents
and author of numerous peer reviewed scientific publications. Dr. Damaj won a US Congressional award for the Anthrax Multiplex
Diagnostic Test in 2003. Dr. Damaj holds a Ph.D. degree in Immunology/Microbiology from Laval University and completed a postdoctoral
fellowship in molecular oncology from McGill University




of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees
in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further
 we do not have a policy with regard
to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 no security holders have made any such
recommendations. Our three directors perform all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size
of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations
 we
intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly.





    
    






 we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration
of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 no security holders have made any such recommendations.




of Ethics&rdquo;) that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or
controller
 and persons performing similar functions. We believe that the Code of Ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing
and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply
with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code.
To request a copy of the Code of Ethics
 please make written request to our Company at 575 Lexington Ave.
 Floor
New York
 NY 10022.




&nbsp;2015
 our common stock became registered pursuant to section 12g of the exchange
act. Accordingly
 our officers
 directors and principal shareholders are subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.





total compensation paid or earned by each of our named executive officers (as defined under SEC rules) for the fiscal year ended
May 31
 2016.&nbsp;

Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal
Year Ended May 31
 2016




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
9
000


 Treasurer
 Secretary &amp; Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


000 shares of restricted Series A Common Stock (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) at a price of $0.25 per share and 200
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at $0.001 per share for services as president of the Company pursuant to a Board resolution dated September 30
 2016 described in Note 6 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K.

    


000 earned by Mr. Gunther is listed in the table above as &ldquo;All Other Compensation.&rdquo; The forms of
payment are described in Note 7.&nbsp; &nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    




 Stock
Awards
 Option Awards
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation as no such amounts were paid to the named executive officers during
the fiscal year ended May 31
 2016.


total compensation paid or earned by each of our named executive officers (as defined under SEC rules) for the fiscal year ended
May 31
 2015.&nbsp;

Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal
Year Ended May 31
 2015





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Treasurer
 Secretary &amp; Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







 Mr. Romagosa elected to receive 60
000 shares of restricted Series A Common Stock (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) at a price of $0.25 per share pursuant to the terms of an May 18
 2015 board resolution described in Note 6 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


500 earned by Mr. Leonzo is listed in the table above as &ldquo;All Other Compensation.&rdquo; The forms of payment are described in Note 7.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;




 Stock
Awards
 Option Awards
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation as no such amounts were paid to the named executive officers during
the fiscal year ended May 31
 2016.


any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including
but not limited to
 tax qualified deferred benefit plans
 supplemental executive retirement plans
 tax-qualified deferred contribution
plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans.




 we retained Mr. Jose
Castaneda
 one of the selling founders
 as General Manager for a term of twelve (12) months at an annual salary of $58
000
 pursuant
to an employment agreement to manage operations at the ESD facility in Gilroy
 California.





    
    




 the Company
anticipates entering into more employment agreements with key management positions as the Company grows. The Company does not have
a standing compensation committee
 audit committee
 nomination committee
 or committees performing similar functions. We anticipate
that we will form such committees of the Board of Directors once we have a full Board of Directors.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End


 2016 and 2015
 there were no outstanding options
or warrants to purchase
 or other instruments convertible into
 common equity of the Company.




 we issued 500
000 shares of common
stock to John Romagosa at $0.25 per share
 for services as president of the Company. Also in September 2015
 we issued 200
000
shares of Series A preferred stock to John Romagosa at $0.001 per share
 for services as president of the Company. John Romagosa
received 60
000 shares in compensation as a non-employee director for serving as such
 for serving on committees (if any) of the
Board of Directors or for special assignments. Board members are not reimbursed for expenses incurred in connection with attending
meetings.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 there were no other arrangements that resulted in our making
payments to any of our non-employee directors for any services provided to us by them as directors.&nbsp;

ITEM&nbsp;12.&nbsp;&nbsp;SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock known by us as of August 19
 2016 by:


each person or entity known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5% of our common stock;



each named executive officer; and
 




 the persons listed below have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock owned by them
 except to the extent such power
may be shared with a spouse.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

800

    
    
    
    

    
    

 4th Fl. New York

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    

 4th Fl. New York

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

560

    
    
    
    

    
    

 4th Fl. New York

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    

    
    

 Summit

    
    
    
    
    
    




260

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    





112
151 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding as of August 19
 2016.




Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities.


Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans


Plans as of May 31
 2016.

ITEM&nbsp;13.&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 Fernando &ldquo;Oswaldo&rdquo; Leonzo
 owns
no shares in Gran Nevada
 however he serves as Gran Nevada&rsquo;s current President.&nbsp; Robert Gunther
 our Chief
Operating Officer owns 12% of the common stock of Gran Nevada. At May 31
 2016
 we had a prepayment to Gran
Nevada in the amount of $14
740 for future product purchases.


basis from Mr. Robert Gunther for $750 per month&nbsp;(Note 7). The current officers and directors of the Company are involved
in other business activities and may
 in the future
 become involved in additional business opportunities. There are no contracts
options
 warrants
 rights
 licensing agreements
 employment agreements or any other agreements of any kind between HISP and any
of its current officers and directors.&nbsp; If a specific business opportunity becomes available
 such person may face a conflict
in selecting between our business interest and their other business interests. The policy of the Board is that any personal business
or corporate opportunity incurred by an officer or director of HISP must be examined by the Board and turned down by the Board
in a timely basis before an officer or director can engage or take advantage of a business opportunity which could result in a
conflict of interest.


to our officers and directors in April 2013. The Company believes that the issuance of these shares was exempt from registration
pursuant to Section (2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering.
The Founders
 Fernando &ldquo;Oswaldo&rdquo; Leonzo (Chairman &amp; CEO)
 Robert Gunther (Treasurer
 Secretary
 Director &amp;
Chief Operations Officer)
 and Jerry Gruenbaum were issued the following Preferred Shares as founders for services rendered as
Officers and Directors as of April 30
 2013
 600
000 Preferred Shares
 300
000 Preferred Shares
 and 100
000 Preferred Shares respectively.
Jerry Gruenbaum resigned as a director on April 16
 2015.&nbsp; None of the following parties has
 since the date of incorporation
had any material interest
 direct or indirect
 in any transaction with the Company or in any presently proposed transaction that
has or will materially affect us:


Director;


as a nominee for election as a director;


person who beneficially owns
 directly or indirectly
 shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to the outstanding
shares of common stock;


spouse of any of the foregoing persons who have the same home as such person. &nbsp;





    
    






national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to (and we do not) have our Board of Directors
comprised of a majority of &ldquo;Independent Directors.&rdquo;


its directors in reference to the definition of &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; established by the NASDAQ Marketplace Rule
5605(a)(2). In doing so
 the Board of Directors has reviewed all commercial and other relationships of each director in making
its determination as to the independence of its directors. After such review
 the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Devlin
and Mr. Spinner qualify as independent under the requirements of the NASDAQ listing standards.

ITEM&nbsp;14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES




 the Company engaged Raich Ende Malter &amp;
Co. LLP as its independent registered public accounting firm.


in connection with the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015 are set forth in the table below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
36
030
12
250

    
5
087
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
41
117
12
250

    
    
    



Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial
statements
 for reviews of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that
are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.&nbsp;Total fees billed by Raich Ende Malter
&amp; Co. LLP for the audit of our fiscal year ended May 31
 2016 and 2015 financial statements was $17
500 and $10
000
 respectively.
Total fees billed by Raich Ende Malter &amp; Co. LLP the review of our quarterly financial statements
 and other fees was $18
530
and $2
250 for the fiscal years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
 but are not reported under &ldquo;Audit fees.&rdquo;

Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance
 tax planning
and tax advice.

All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services
 including retainers.




directors has approved the services described above.





    
    





ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp; EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES




of America
&nbsp;Inc. are listed on the Index to Financial Statements on this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1.




on Form 10-K:




    

 2013 (a)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Inc. dated October 30
 2015 (b)

    
    
 Inc. dated October 30
 2015 (b)

    
    
 2016 with Greg Graham
 Jose Castaneda and Sunny Sandhu (b)

    
    
 2016 to Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement (b)

    
    
 2016 with TCA Global Credter Master Fund L.P. (b)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed October 15
 2013

in Form 8-K filed November 4
 2015 and July 8
 2016.







    
    









13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    

 INC.

    
    



    

    Leonzo

    
    
    
        

        of Directors&nbsp;
        



 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

        
        
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


 Secretary
 Treasurer
 Director&nbsp;
        
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    








    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
















    
    






FIRM



 Inc.

 NY


sheets of Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the
related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficiency)
 and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended May 31
 2016. The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Hispanica International Delights of
America
 Inc. as of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended May 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.


prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements
 the Company
has incurred net losses since inception. This raises substantial doubt about&nbsp;the Company's&nbsp;ability to continue as a going
concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 8. The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




    

    


 New York


 2016









    
    






 Inc.

    

    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
27
241
44
101

    
1
692
1
206

    
14
740
15
000

    
12
887
18
879

    
56
560
79
186

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
28
051
3
718

    
20
880
    

    
18
500
    

    
3
000
6
000

    
10
000
20
000

    
80
431
29
718

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of unamortized financing costs of $7
735
55
025
    

    
135
456
&nbsp;29
718

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized

    
    


200
000 and 1
000
000 shares issued and outstanding
1
200
1
000


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized

    
    


040
471 and 12
168
905 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
13
040
12
169

    
721
413
450
641


    deficit
(814
549
(414
342

    
(78
896
49
468

    
    
    

    
56
560
79
186

    
    
    

    







    
    












 Inc.

    

    
    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
193
734
214
502

    
215
997
240
017

    
(22
263
(25
515

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
130
200
    

    
184
081
152
900

    
5
021
3
417

    
4
029
1
485

    
9
697
7
500

    
9
478
18
956

    
342
506
184
258

    
    
    

    
(364
769
(209
773

    
    
    

    
    
    


    fees
 and financing costs
(35
438
(2
820

    
    
    

    
(400
207
(212
593

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
723
476
11
704
133

    

    







    
    





 Inc.


    Equity&nbsp;(Deficiency)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
11
202
700
11
203
1
000
000
1
000
207
057
(201
749
17
511

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
448
000
    
    
    
111
552
    
112
000

    
518
205
    
    
    
129
032
    
129
550

    
    
    
    
    
3
000
    
3
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
593
(212
593


 2015
12
168
905
12
169
1
000
000
1
000
450
641
(414
342
49
468

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
24
000
    
    
    
5
976
    
6
000

    
619
300
    
    
    
154
206
    
154
825

    
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    

    
43
266
    
    
    
10
774
    
10
817

    
46
000
    
    
    
22
954
    
23
000

    
124
000
    
    
    
61
877
    
62
001

    
15
000
    
    
    
14
985
    
15
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(400
207
(400
207


 2016
13
040
471
13
040
1
200
000
1
200
721
413
(814
549
(78
896

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    




 Inc.

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    convertible notes payable
 net of financing costs of $12

    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    







    
    





Inc.


 2016 and 2015






 Inc. (&#34;HISP&#34;
or the &#34;Company&#34;) was incorporated in Delaware in April 2013. The Company has not generated significant sales to date.
The Company currently markets and sells traditional Hispanic beverages and ethnic food packaged products and will license and/or
acquire existing brands and distributors of Hispanic products.




 the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 product delivery has occurred
 the sales price to the customer is fixed
or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The following policies reflect specific criteria for the various revenues
streams of the Company:



for sales returns is estimated based on the Company's historical return experience. Revenue is presented net of returns.






accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to make
estimates that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





authoritative guidance. Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding. During periods in which the Company
incurs losses common stock equivalents
 if any
 are not considered
 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. As of May 31
 2016
the convertible notes payable could be converted into approximately 101
000 shares of common stock.




taxes. Under the accrual method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial
reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be
in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more
likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.






    
    




Inc.


 2016 and 2015






tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax
positions meeting a &#147;more-likely than-not&#148; threshold
 the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit
expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold
 no financial statement
benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
 if any
 related to uncertain tax positions in income tax
expense. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of May 31
 2016
 and does not expect this to change significantly
over the next 12 months.




employees based on the fair value using an option pricing model. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria
is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for
non-performance.



with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 



the normal course of business and performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
 maintaining an allowance for
potential credit losses. Accounts receivable is reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based
on management's estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 no
allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed necessary.



the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market value.



and Disclosures
&#34; the Company is required to estimate the fair value of all financial instruments included on its balance
sheets. The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due
to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.





    
    



Inc.


 2016 and 2015








and promotion expense amounted to approximately $5
000 and $3
400 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.









On February 25
 2016
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &#34;Leases&#34; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial
reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing
equipment
 to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights to use those assets for the lease term and
obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance
or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public
entities beginning the first quarter 2019. We do not believe that this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements.


In November 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17
 &#34;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&#34; This amendment simplifies the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective


early adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's
results of operation.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&#34;

 2017


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &#34;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory.&#34; This amendment only applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing
inventory. Entities would measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of
inventory in GAAP with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This amendment is effective for annual periods


adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's results of operation.

In April 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03&nbsp;
 &ldquo;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &ldquo; This guidance requires debt issuance costs
be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for
interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected
early adoption.








    
    



Inc.


 2016 and 2015




On May 14
 2014
 FASB and The International Accounting Standards Board (the &#147;IASB&#148;)
issued a new joint revenue recognition standard that supersedes nearly all GAAP guidance on revenue recognition. The core principal
of the standard is that revenue recognition should depict the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The new standard is effective

are not known at this time.


Management does not believe
that any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncement
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.







that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and trade accounts receivable. The Company places its
cash with high quality credit institutions. At times
 balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;)
insurance limit. Cash in banks is insured by the FDIC up to $250
000 per institution
 per entity. The Company routinely assesses
the financial strength of its customers and
 as a consequence
 believes that its trade account receivable credit risk exposure
is limited.





 2016
 sales to three customers accounted
for approximately 81% of the Company's net sales or approximately $156
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable
balances at May 31
 2016.


 2015
 sales to four customers accounted
for approximately 79% of the Company's net sales or approximately $169
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable
balances at May 31
 2015.





 a stockholder lent the Company $10
000. The loan
bore interest at 5% per annum and matured on February 28
 2015. The loan balance on May 31
 2015 was $10
000. In September 2015
the stockholder agreed to accept 43
266 shares of the Company's Series A Common Stock at $0.25 per share in lieu of cash as repayment
of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest of $817 on the loan.


 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $20
000.
The loan bore interest at 36% per annum. Under the terms of the agreement
 the note matured on May 20
 2015. In April 2015
 the
Company repaid $10
000 of the loan balance. The remaining loan balance of $10
000
 together with accrued interest of $1
284
 was
paid by the Company in September 2015. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $384 at May 31
 2015.


 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $10
000.
The loan bears interest at 18% per annum. The maturity date of the note is July 1
 2016. As of August 31
 2016 the Company has
not repaid the loan. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $207 at May 31
 2016.






    
    


 Inc.


 2016 and 2015





 the Company issued a convertible note for the
principal amount of $6
000. The note had an original due date of December 31
 2014. In January 2015
 the holder signed an amendment
that made the note and accrued interest payable on demand. Interest accrues at 10% per annum. The holder has the option of converting
the note in whole or in part into the Company's common stock at the rate of $0.25 per share at any time prior to redemption. In
October 2015
 the Company repaid $3
000 of principal and $651 of interest. At May 31
 2016
 accrued interest on the debenture was
$ 193. At May 31
 2015
 accrued interest on the debenture was $436.


 the Company issued a convertible note
payable (the &#147;Note&#148;) for the principal amount of $87
500 including an original issue discount (&#34;OID&#34;) of
$7
500 and loan costs of $5
000. The OID and loan costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over 23 months and are
reported as financing costs. The note bears interest at 10%. The note requires payment and accrued interest upon maturity
in August 2017. Unamortized OID and loan costs totaled $7
735 at May 31
 2016. There is a prepayment premium of 125% of the
loan balance being paid prior to the maturity date. Upon an event of default as described in the Note
 the Company would
incur penalties and fees and the annual interest rate would increase to 22%. During the year ended May 31
 2016
 the Company
did not make timely payments and as a result incurred penalties and other fees of approximately $7
836 and the interest rate
increased to 22%. During 2016
 the Company made principal payments of $24
740 and Interest payments of $6
548. At May 31
2016
 accrued interest of $462 is reported as accounts payable and accrued expenses.


 the Note holder has the right
 until
the outstanding balance has been paid in full
 to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of fully paid
and non-assessable common stock
 $0.001 par value per shares of the Company (the &#147;Lender Conversion Shares&#148;)
 as per
the following conversion formula:


(the &#34;Conversion Amount&#34;) divided by the Lender Conversion Price.


per share
 however
 in the event the Market Capitalization falls below $20
000
000.00 at any time
 then in such event (a) the Lender
Conversion Price for all Lender Conversions occurring after the first date of such occurrence shall equal the lower of the Lender
Conversion Price and the Market Price as of any applicable date of Conversion.


 a Conversion Factor of 70%
 shall
apply to the Lender Conversion Price
 subject to the following adjustments: (i) If at any time the average of the three (3) lowest
Closing Bid Prices in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding any date of measurement is below $1.00
 then in such event
the then-current Conversion Factor shall be reduced by 10% for all future conversions; (ii) if at any time after the effective
date of the Note
 the Conversion Shares are not DTC Eligible
 then the then-current Conversion Factor will automatically be reduced
by 5% for all future conversions; and
 (iii) in addition to the Default Effect
 as defined
 if any Major Default occurs
 as defined
after the effective date of the Note
 the Conversion Factor shall automatically be reduced for all future conversions by an additional
5% for each of the first three (3) Major Defaults that occur.


 on June 17
 2016 the note holder elected
to convert $12
500 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 18
315 shares of our common stock at a conversion
price of $0.6825 per share.


 on July 25
 2016 the note holder elected
to convert $15
000 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 52
053 shares of our common stock at a conversion
price of $0.288167 per share.



 the Company borrowed $18
500 from an unrelated third
party (GHS). The loan bears interest at 22% per annum. The Company incurred late payment penalties and other fees of
approximately $13
304. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $691 at May 31
 2016. The principal amount of the loan
 the late payment
penalties and other fees and accrued interest was repaid in July 2016.





    
    




Inc.


 2016 and 2015






 NY office on a
month to month basis from the Company's Chief Operating Officer and stockholder for $750 per month.


 2016 and 2015 totaled
$9
697 and $7
500
 respectively.



 2015
 the company entered into an agreement
to acquire a 20% minority equity interest in Just Buns
 Inc. in exchange for 20
000 shares to the Company&#146;s common stock.
The Company also entered into an exclusive Distribution Agreement with Just Buns
sold
under the name &#147;Swirly Buns&#148;. As of the date of this filing the Company has not finalized these transactions. Upon
finalization the Company will issue 20
000 shares of common stock.








    

 2016

 2015

    
326
000
165
000

    
(326
000
(165
000


 net
    
    




the statutory federal and state income tax rates to the loss before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences
are as follows:



    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




 2016
 the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $815
000 to reduce future federal and state taxable income through 2036. The valuation
allowance increased by approximately $161
000 and $35
000 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



state or New York City tax
examinations in progress nor has it had any federal
state or New York City examinations since its inception. All of the Company&#146;s
tax years are subject to federal
state and New York City tax examination.








    
    






Inc.


 2016 and 2015





through common ownership and management. The Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company is the supplier&#146;s
President. In addition
 the Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company has a minority interest in the supplier. The
amount of inventory purchased from this supplier during the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 was approximately $204
000 and
$214
000
 respectively. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company has advances to this supplier of $14
740 and $15
000
 respectively.




basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.



of its investment necessary to achieve its operating plan
 which is long-range in nature. Since inception the Company incurred
a net loss of approximately $815
000. In addition
 the Company has a working capital deficit as of May 31
 2016.


itself for the next 12 months
 and will require additional funding in order to execute its plan of operations and to continue as
a going concern. To meet its cash needs
 management expects to raise capital through a private placement offerings or borrowings
from stockholders or others. 



the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.




 the Company entered into a Senior Secured
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) with TCA Global Credit Master Fund L.P.
(&ldquo;TCA&rdquo;) for a total amount of $7.5 million. However
 as of the execution date of the Credit Facility
 only $1.6
million has been allocated by TCA to the Company for working capital financing and for any other purpose permitted under the
terms of the Credit Facility. Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&ldquo;ESD&rdquo;) is Corporate Guarantor to the Credit
Facility. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 the Company is obligated to pay approximately $544
000 of transaction fees
to TCA including a Transaction Advisory Fee equal to 2% of the loan commitment amount
 as defined by the Credit Facility
 and
an Advisory Fee of $350
000 which may be paid in restricted stock or cash. On July 5
 2016 the Company borrowed $650
000 from
the Credit Facility and used the proceeds to acquire ESD for $450
000; payoff the GHS loan in the amount of $32
534; $74
466
was used to pay vendors for inventory purchases and $93
000 was paid to TCA for closing fees. The credit facility has a
maturity date of January 5
 2017 which may be extended for an additional six months at the lender&rsquo;s discretion.





    
    




Inc.


 2016 and 2015





 2016
 the Company acquired all of the net assets of
Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. by purchasing all of the outstanding shares of ESD stock for $450
000. ESD will be operated as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of HISP.


balance sheet of the consolidated Company as of May 31
 2016:



    


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

065

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






statements of operations of the consolidated Company for the year ended May 31
 2016:





    
    



Inc.


 2016 and 2015







    Consolidated Statement of Operations


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 net
193
734
2
775
113
    
    
2
968
847

    
215
997
2
091
010
    
    
2
307
007

    
(22
263
684
103
    
    
661
840

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
342
506
555
177
10
000
    
907
683

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(364
769
128
926
(10
000
    
(245
843

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(35
438
(1
225
(147
000
    
(183
663

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(400
207
127
701
(157
000
    
(429
506

    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    
    



Inc.


 2016 and 2015







Inc.

Consolidated Financial Information




are based on the Company&rsquo;s historical financial statements as adjusted to give effect to the acquisition of
Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&ldquo;ESD&rdquo;) and the debt issuance necessary to finance the acquisition. The unaudited
pro forma Consolidated statement of operations for the year ended May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD acquisition
as if it had occurred on June 1
 2015. The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet as of May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD
acquisition as if it had occurred on May 31
 2016.




 2016
 the Company acquired all of the
outstanding stock of ESD and certain assets from ESD for total consideration of $450
000. The Company financed the
acquisition by borrowing the purchase price and closing fees from TCA. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial
information includes various assumptions
 including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets
acquired from ESD based on management&rsquo;s best estimates of fair value. 


final appraisals
 valuations and analyses of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Accordingly
 the
pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for illustrative purposes.


the purchase price for ESD to the acquired identifiable assets and pro forma goodwill:



    
    

    
450
000

    
75
000

    
375
000








    
    




Inc.


 2016 and 2015






and assumptions that are subject to change. The following adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information:




000
to the acquired property and equipment

000 necessary
to finance the acquisition

assets
 which represents customer lists
 work force and the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of ESD&rsquo;s
identifiable assets acquired as shown in Note 2

Adjustments to the pro forma condensed statements
of operations


expense related to the acquired property and equipment as discussed in Note 3(a)

the loan issuance of $543
000 with a fixed 12% annual interest rate.





 the Company assumed a lease for approximately 12
000 square feet
of warehouse space located in Gilroy
 California at a base rent of $5
248 per month. The lease terminates on June 30
 2021. In
addition
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with a general manager for a period of one year at a cost of $58
000.
The employment agreement expires in July 2017.




















     








CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION




&nbsp;Fernando Oswaldo Leonzo
 certify that:



    

&nbsp;Inc. for year ended May 31
 2016;




    

 this&nbsp;report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this&nbsp; report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
&nbsp;to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its&nbsp;consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and




    

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



 2016



















     






CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(a)
OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION




 Robert Gunther
 certify that:



    

&nbsp;Inc. for year ended May 31
 2016;




    

 this&nbsp;report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this&nbsp; report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
&nbsp;to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its&nbsp;consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and




    

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



 2016



















     






CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


&nbsp;In
connection with the annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K&nbsp;of Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc. (the
&quot;Company&quot;) for the year &nbsp;ended May 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 the undersigned Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company
 hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

&nbsp;The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

&nbsp;The
information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.






    

    
    
        
        
        



required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&quot;Section 906&quot;)
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required
by Section 906
 has been provided to Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc.
 and will be retained by Hispanica International
Delights of America
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.













     






CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


&nbsp;In
connection with the annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K&nbsp;of Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;)
for the year&nbsp;ended May 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
the undersigned Chief Financial&nbsp;Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

&nbsp;The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

&nbsp;The
information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.






    

    
    
        
        
        



required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&quot;Section 906&quot;)
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required
by Section 906
 has been provided to Hispanica International Delights of America
 Inc.
 and will be retained by Hispanica International
Delights of America
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
























        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (&amp;#34;HISP&amp;#34;&#13;or the &amp;#34;Company&amp;#34;) was incorporated in Delaware in April 2013. The Company has not generated significant sales to date.&#13;The Company currently markets and sells traditional Hispanic beverages and ethnic food packaged products and will license and/or&#13;acquire existing brands and distributors of Hispanic products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In general
 the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence&#13;of an arrangement exists
 product delivery has occurred
 the sales price to the customer is fixed&#13;or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The following policies reflect specific criteria for the various revenues&#13;streams of the Company:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Revenue is recognized at the time the product is delivered. Provision&#13;for sales returns is estimated based on the Company's historical return experience. Revenue is presented net of returns.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with&#13;accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;) requires management to make&#13;estimates that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Net Loss Per Common Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company calculates net income (loss) per share based on the&#13;authoritative guidance. Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number&#13;of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the&#13;weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding. During periods in which the Company&#13;incurs losses common stock equivalents
 if any
 are not considered
 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. As of May 31
 2016
&#13;the convertible notes payable could be converted into approximately 101
000 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company utilizes the accrual method of accounting for income&#13;taxes. Under the accrual method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial&#13;reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be&#13;in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more&#13;likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of an uncertain&#13;tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax&#13;positions meeting a &amp;#147;more-likely than-not&amp;#148; threshold
 the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit&#13;expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold
 no financial statement&#13;benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
 if any
 related to uncertain tax positions in income tax&#13;expense. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of May 31
 2016
 and does not expect this to change significantly&#13;over the next 12 months.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to&#13;employees based on the fair value using an option pricing model. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in&#13;subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;Equity instruments granted to non-employees are accounted&#13;for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria&#13;is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for&#13;non-performance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments&#13;with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. &lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;The Company extends credit to its customers in&#13;the normal course of business and performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
 maintaining an allowance for&#13;potential credit losses. Accounts receivable is reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based&#13;on management's estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 no&#13;allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed necessary.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;Inventory consists of finished goods and is stated at&#13;the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/107% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;Pursuant to&amp;#160;ASC No. 820. &amp;#34;Fair Value Measurement&#13;and Disclosures
&amp;#34; the Company is required to estimate the fair value of all financial instruments included on its balance&#13;sheets. The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due&#13;to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Advertising and promotion costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising&#13;and promotion expense amounted to approximately $5
000 and $3
400 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Shipping and handling costs are included in costs of goods sold.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;On February 25
 2016
 the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &amp;#34;Leases&amp;#34; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial&#13;reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing&#13;equipment
 to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights to use those assets for the lease term and&#13;obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
&#13;and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance&#13;or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand&#13;the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
&#13;providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public&#13;entities beginning the first quarter 2019. We do not believe that this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements.&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#34;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#34; This amendment simplifies the presentation&#13;of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective&#13;for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2016&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;with&#13;early adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's&#13;results of operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;In&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt; August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &amp;#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&amp;#34;&#13;This amendment defers the effective date of implementation to after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &amp;#34;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of&#13;Inventory.&amp;#34; This amendment only applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing&#13;inventory. Entities would measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of&#13;inventory in GAAP with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This amendment is effective for annual periods&#13;beginning after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2016&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;with early adoption permitted. The Company will&#13;adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's results of operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In April 2015
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2015-03&amp;#160;
 &amp;#147;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &amp;#147; This guidance requires debt issuance costs&#13;be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for&#13;interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected&#13;early adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;On May 14
 2014


 the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence&#13;of an arrangement exists
 product delivery has occurred
 the sales price to the customer is fixed&#13;or determinable

    



 if any
 are not considered
 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. As of May 31
 2016
&#13;the convertible notes payable could be converted into approximately 101


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial&#13;reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be&#13;in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more&#13;likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of an uncertain&#13;tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax&#13;positions meeting a &amp;#147;more-likely than-not&amp;#148; threshold
 the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit&#13;expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold
 no financial statement&#13;benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
 if any
 related to uncertain tax positions in income tax&#13;expense. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of May 31
 2016



    

 maintaining an allowance for&#13;potential credit losses. Accounts receivable is reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based&#13;on management's estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015






 2016
 the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &amp;#34;Leases&amp;#34; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial&#13;reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing&#13;equipment
 to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights to use those assets for the lease term and&#13;obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
&#13;and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance&#13;or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand&#13;the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
&#13;providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public&#13;entities beginning the first quarter 2019. We do not believe that this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements.&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#34;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#34; This amendment simplifies the presentation&#13;of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective&#13;for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2016&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;with&#13;early adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's&#13;results of operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;In&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt; August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &amp;#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&amp;#34;&#13;This amendment defers the effective date of implementation to after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &amp;#34;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of&#13;Inventory.&amp;#34; This amendment only applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing&#13;inventory. Entities would measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of&#13;inventory in GAAP with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This amendment is effective for annual periods&#13;beginning after&lt;font style=color: #222222&gt;&amp;#160;December 15
 2016&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;with early adoption permitted. The Company will&#13;adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's results of operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;In April 2015
 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2015-03&amp;#160;
 &amp;#147;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &amp;#147; This guidance requires debt issuance costs&#13;be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for&#13;interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected&#13;early adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;On May 14
 2014

    
    
    

 balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) insurance limit. Cash in&#13;banks is insured by the FDIC up to $250
000 per institution
 per entity. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength&#13;of its customers and
 as a consequence
 believes that its trade account receivable credit risk exposure is limited.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Sales and Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;During the year ended May 31
 2016
 sales to three customers accounted&#13;for approximately 81% of the Company's net sales or approximately $156
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable&#13;balances at May 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;During the year ended May 31
 2015
 sales to four customers accounted&#13;for approximately 79% of the Company's net sales or approximately $169
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable&#13;balances at May 31

    
    

 a stockholder lent the Company $10
000. The loan&#13;bore interest at 5% per annum and matured on February 28
 2015. The loan balance on May 31
 2015 was $10
000. In September 2015
&#13;the stockholder agreed to accept 43
266 shares of the Company's Series A Common Stock at $0.25 per share in lieu of cash as repayment&#13;of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest of $817 on the loan.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In February 2015
 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $20
000.&#13;The loan bore interest at 36% per annum. Under the terms of the agreement
 the note matured on May 20
 2015. In April 2015
 the&#13;Company repaid $10
000 of the loan balance. The remaining loan balance of $10
000
 together with accrued interest of $1
284
 was&#13;paid by the Company in September 2015. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $384 at May 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In April 2016
 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $10
000.&#13;The loan bears interest at 18% per annum. The maturity date of the note is July 1
 2016. As of August 31
 2016 the Company has&#13;not repaid the loan. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $207 at May 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company issued a convertible note for the&#13;principal amount of $6
000. The note had an original due date of December 31
 2014. In January 2015
 the holder signed an amendment&#13;that made the note and accrued interest payable on demand. Interest accrues at 10% per annum. The holder has the option of converting&#13;the note in whole or in part into the Company's common stock at the rate of $0.25 per share at any time prior to redemption. In&#13;October 2015
 the Company repaid $3
000 of principal and $651 of interest. At May 31
 2016
 accrued interest on the debenture was&#13;$ 193. At May 31
 2015
 accrued interest on the debenture was $436.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In September 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note&#13;payable (the &amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) for the principal amount of $87
500 including an original issue discount (&amp;#34;OID&amp;#34;) of&#13;$7
500 and loan costs of $5
000. The OID and loan costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over 23 months and are&#13;reported as financing costs. The note bears interest at 10%. The note requires payment and accrued interest upon maturity&#13;in August 2017. Unamortized OID and loan costs totaled $7
735 at May 31
 2016. There is a prepayment premium of 125% of the&#13;loan balance being paid prior to the maturity date. Upon an event of default as described in the Note
 the Company would&#13;incur penalties and fees and the annual interest rate would increase to 22%. During the year ended May 31
 2016
 the Company&#13;did not make timely payments and as a result incurred penalties and other fees of approximately $7
836 and the interest rate&#13;increased to 22%. During 2016
 the Company made principal payments of $24
740 and Interest payments of $6
548. At May 31
&#13;2016
 accrued interest of $462 is reported as accounts payable and accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Under the terms of the Note
 the Note holder has the right
 until&#13;the outstanding balance has been paid in full
 to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of fully paid&#13;and non-assessable common stock
 $0.001 par value per shares of the Company (the &amp;#147;Lender Conversion Shares&amp;#148;)
 as per&#13;the following conversion formula:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The number of Lender Conversion Shares equals the amount being converted&#13;(the &amp;#34;Conversion Amount&amp;#34;) divided by the Lender Conversion Price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Lender Conversion Price is defined in the Note as being $3.00&#13;per share
 however
 in the event the Market Capitalization falls below $20
000
000.00 at any time
 then in such event (a) the Lender&#13;Conversion Price for all Lender Conversions occurring after the first date of such occurrence shall equal the lower of the Lender&#13;Conversion Price and the Market Price as of any applicable date of Conversion.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Subject to certain conditions
 a Conversion Factor of 70%
 shall&#13;apply to the Lender Conversion Price
 subject to the following adjustments: (i) If at any time the average of the three (3) lowest&#13;Closing Bid Prices in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding any date of measurement is below $1.00
 then in such event&#13;the then-current Conversion Factor shall be reduced by 10% for all future conversions; (ii) if at any time after the effective&#13;date of the Note
 the Conversion Shares are not DTC Eligible
 then the then-current Conversion Factor will automatically be reduced&#13;by 5% for all future conversions; and
 (iii) in addition to the Default Effect
 as defined
 if any Major Default occurs
 as defined
&#13;after the effective date of the Note
 the Conversion Factor shall automatically be reduced for all future conversions by an additional&#13;5% for each of the first three (3) Major Defaults that occur.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Under the terms of the Note
 on June 17
 2016 the note holder elected&#13;to convert $12
500 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 18
315 shares of our common stock at a conversion&#13;price of $0.6825 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Under the terms of the Note
 on July 25
 2016 the note holder elected&#13;to convert $15
000 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 52
053 shares of our common stock at a conversion&#13;price of $0.288167 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In March 2016
 the Company borrowed $18
500 from an unrelated third&#13;party (GHS). The loan bears interest at 22% per annum. The Company incurred late payment penalties and other fees of&#13;approximately $13
304. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $691 at May 31
 2016. The principal amount of the loan

    
    
    
    

 NY office on a&#13;month to month basis from the Company's Chief Operating Officer and stockholder for $750 per month.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Rent expense for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015 totaled&#13;$9
697 and $7
500
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;On October 30
 2015
 the company entered into an agreement&#13;to acquire a 20% minority equity interest in Just Buns Inc. in exchange for 20
000 shares to the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&#13;The company also entered into an exclusive Distribution Agreement with Just Buns
 Inc. to distribute their proprietary &lt;i&gt;Ensaimades &lt;/i&gt;sold&#13;under the name &amp;#147;Swirly Buns&amp;#148;. As of the date of this filing the company has not finalized these transactions. Upon&#13;finalization the company will issue 20


 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;May 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;326
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;165
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(326
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(165
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying&#13;the statutory federal and state income tax rates to the loss before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=width: 60%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Federal Rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;State Rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Valuation Allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Effective income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;As of May 31
 2016 the Company has net operating loss&#13;carryforwards of approximately $815
000 to reduce future federal and state taxable income through 2036. The valuation&#13;allowance increased by approximately $161
000 and $35
000 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company currently has no federal
state or New York City tax&#13;examinations in progress nor has it had any federal
state or New York City examinations since its inception. All of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;tax years are subject to federal


 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;May 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;326
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;165
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(326
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(165
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Deferred tax asset

    
    

 the Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company has a minority interest in the supplier. The&#13;amount of inventory purchased from this supplier during the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 was approximately $204
000 and&#13;$214
000
 respectively. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company has advances to this supplier of $14
740 and $15
000


 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company has experienced a loss from operations as a result&#13;of its investment necessary to achieve its operating plan
 which is long-range in nature. Since inception the Company incurred&#13;a net loss of approximately $815
000. In addition
 the Company has a working capital deficit as of May 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company currently does not have sufficient cash to sustain&#13;itself for the next 12 months
 and will require additional funding in order to execute its plan of operations and to continue as&#13;a going concern. To meet its cash needs


 the Company entered into a Senior Secured&#13;Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &amp;#147;Credit Facility&amp;#148;) with TCA Global Credit Master Fund L.P.&#13;(&amp;#147;TCA&amp;#148;) for a total amount of $7.5 million. However
 as of the execution date of the Credit Facility
 only $1.6&#13;million has been allocated by TCA to the Company for working capital financing and for any other purpose permitted under the&#13;terms of the Credit Facility. Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&amp;#147;ESD&amp;#148;) is Corporate Guarantor to the Credit&#13;Facility. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 the Company is obligated to pay approximately $544
000 of transaction fees&#13;to TCA including a Transaction Advisory Fee equal to 2% of the loan commitment amount
 as defined by the Credit Facility
 and&#13;an Advisory Fee of $350
000 which may be paid in restricted stock or cash. On July 5
 2016 the Company borrowed $650
000 from&#13;the Credit Facility and used the proceeds to acquire ESD for $450
000; payoff the GHS loan in the amount of $32
534; $74
466&#13;was used to pay vendors for inventory purchases and $93
000 was paid to TCA for closing fees. The credit facility has a&#13;maturity date of January 5
 2017 which may be extended for an additional six months at the lender&amp;#146;s discretion.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;On July 5
 2016
 the Company acquired all of the net assets of&#13;Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. by purchasing all of the outstanding shares of ESD stock for $450
000. ESD will be operated as&#13;a wholly-owned subsidiary of HISP.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table presents the unaudited condensed pro forma&#13;balance sheet of the consolidated Company as of May 31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;As of May 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;HISP&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;ESD&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Notes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;Current assets:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;27
241&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;270
394&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(270
394&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;27
241&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;345
058&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(345
058&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;14
740&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;6
728&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(6
728&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;14
740&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;234
705&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(234
705&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total current assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;856
885&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(856
885&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;204
578&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(139
578&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;65
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
061
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(621
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;496
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;28
051&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;95
707&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(41
707&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;82
051&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;20
880&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;20
880&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;31.500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;47
217&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;485
783&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a) (b)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;564
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;80
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;142
924&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;444
076&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;667
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;55
025&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;55
025&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;135
456&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;142
924&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;444
076&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;722
456&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(78
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;918
539&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(1
065
539&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(225
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
061
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(621
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;496
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table presents the unaudited condensed pro forma&#13;statements of operations of the consolidated Company for the year ended May 31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed&#13;    Consolidated Statement of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;For the year ended May 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;HISP&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;ESD&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Product sales
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;193
734&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
775
113&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
968
847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;215
997&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
091
010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
307
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Gross income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(22
263&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;684
103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;661
840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Selling general and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;342
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;555
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(d)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;907
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net&#13;    income/(loss) before other expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(364
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;128
926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(245
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other income and (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(35
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(1
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(147
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;(e)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(183
663&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net income/(loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(400
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;127
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(157
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(429
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Note 1. &amp;#151; Basis of presentation&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The unaudited pro forma condensed Consolidated financial statements&#13;are based on the Company&amp;#146;s historical financial statements as adjusted to give effect to the acquisition of&#13;Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&amp;#147;ESD&amp;#148;) and the debt issuance necessary to finance the acquisition. The unaudited&#13;pro forma Consolidated statement of operations for the year ended May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD acquisition&#13;as if it had occurred on June 1
 2015. The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet as of May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD&#13;acquisition as if it had occurred on May 31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Note 2 &amp;#151; Preliminary purchase price allocation&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;On July 5
 2016
 the Company acquired all of the&#13;outstanding stock of ESD and certain assets from ESD for total consideration of $450
000. The Company financed the&#13;acquisition by borrowing the purchase price and closing fees from TCA. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial&#13;information includes various assumptions
 including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets&#13;acquired from ESD based on management&amp;#146;s best estimates of fair value. &lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The final purchase price allocation may vary based on&#13;final appraisals
 valuations and analyses of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Accordingly
 the&#13;pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for illustrative purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table shows the preliminary allocation of&#13;the purchase price for ESD to the acquired identifiable assets and pro forma goodwill:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total purchase price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 10%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;450
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Note 3 &amp;#151; Pro forma adjustments&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The pro forma adjustments are based on our preliminary estimates&#13;and assumptions that are subject to change. The following adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed&#13;combined financial information:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Adjustments to the pro forma condensed combined balance sheet&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;(a) Reflects the preliminary fair value adjustment of $75
000&#13;to the acquired property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;(b) Reflects the term loan issuance of $543
000 necessary&#13;to finance the acquisition&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;(c) Reflects the preliminary estimate of intangible&#13;assets
 which represents customer lists
 work force and the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of ESD&amp;#146;s&#13;identifiable assets acquired as shown in Note 2&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal EYInterstate-LightItalic,sans-serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Adjustments to the pro forma condensed statements&#13;of operations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;(d) Reflects the estimated depreciation and amortization&#13;expense related to the acquired property and equipment as discussed in Note 3(a)&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;(e) Reflects the additional interest expense related to&#13;the loan issuance of $543
000 with a fixed 12% annual interest rate.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Note 4 &amp;#151; Commitments&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;In connection with the acquisition of ESD
 the Company assumed a lease for approximately 12
000 square feet&#13;of warehouse space located in Gilroy
 California at a base rent of $5
248 per month. The lease terminates on June 30
 2021. In&#13;addition
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with a general manager for a period of one year at a cost of $58


 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;As of May 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;HISP&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;ESD&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Notes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;Current assets:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;27
241&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;270
394&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(270
394&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;27
241&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;345
058&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(345
058&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;14
740&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;6
728&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(6
728&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;14
740&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;234
705&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(234
705&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total current assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;856
885&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(856
885&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;204
578&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(139
578&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;65
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
061
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(621
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;496
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;28
051&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;95
707&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(41
707&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;82
051&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;20
880&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;20
880&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;31.500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;47
217&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;485
783&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(a) (b)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;564
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;80
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;142
924&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;444
076&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;667
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;55
025&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;55
025&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;135
456&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;142
924&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;444
076&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;722
456&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency):&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(78
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;918
539&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(1
065
539&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(225
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;56
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;1
061
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(621
463&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;496
560&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table presents the unaudited condensed pro forma&#13;statements of operations of the consolidated Company for the year ended May 31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed&#13;    Consolidated Statement of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=19 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;For the year ended May 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center&gt;Pro Forma&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;HISP&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;ESD&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Product sales
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;193
734&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
775
113&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
968
847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;215
997&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
091
010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;2
307
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Gross income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(22
263&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;684
103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;661
840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Selling general and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;342
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;555
177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;(d)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;907
683&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net&#13;    income/(loss) before other expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(364
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;128
926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(10
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(245
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Other income and (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(35
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(1
225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(147
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;(e)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(183
663&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net income/(loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(400
207&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;127
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(157
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;(429

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;75
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Total&#13;    intangible asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;375

    


 the Note holder has the right
 until&#13;the outstanding balance has been paid in full
 to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of fully paid&#13;and non-assessable common stock
 $0.001 par value per shares of the Company (the &amp;#147;Lender Conversion Shares&amp;#148;)

 however
 in the event the Market Capitalization falls below $20
000
000.00 at any time
 then in such event (a) the Lender&#13;Conversion Price for all Lender Conversions occurring after the first date of such occurrence shall equal the lower of the Lender&#13;Conversion Price and the Market Price as of any applicable date of Conversion.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;Subject to certain conditions
 a Conversion Factor of 70%
 shall&#13;apply to the Lender Conversion Price
 subject to the following adjustments: (i) If at any time the average of the three (3) lowest&#13;Closing Bid Prices in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding any date of measurement is below $1.00
 then in such event&#13;the then-current Conversion Factor shall be reduced by 10% for all future conversions; (ii) if at any time after the effective&#13;date of the Note
 the Conversion Shares are not DTC Eligible
 then the then-current Conversion Factor will automatically be reduced&#13;by 5% for all future conversions; and
 (iii) in addition to the Default Effect
 as defined
 if any Major Default occurs
 as defined
&#13;after the effective date of the Note

    
    
    
    
    

000 and $3
400 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of unamortized financing costs of $7



      


      


      



 $0.001 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized; 1
200
000 and 1
000
000 shares issued and outstanding




 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
040
471 and 12
168
905 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      

      


































      


      






      


      



 General



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      









































      


      

      








      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 
 net of financing costs of $12



      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      

      






      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      














 Interest Rate












 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance


      


 Original Debt
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 31
 2016
Aug. 19
 2016











 INC.





















  2016

















































344
518





Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

040
471


112
151





















If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











241


101





692


206





740


000





887


879





560


186












051


718





880







500







000


000





000


000





431


718










Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized financing costs of $7
735

025







456


718

















Series A Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized; 1
200
000 and 1
000
000 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

200


000



Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
040
471 and 12
168
905 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

040


169





413


641





549)


342)





896)


468





560


186







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











735












Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 issued shares

200
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 outstanding shares

200
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 Issued

040
471


168
905



Common stock
 outstanding

040
471


168
905

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015









Sales
 net

734


502





997


017





263)


515)



Selling
 General
 and Administrative Expenses:








200







081


900





021


417





029


485





697


500





477


956





506


258





769)


773)










Interest
 fees and financing costs

438)


820)





207)


593)












723
476


704
133








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.


















































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Beginning Balance
 Shares at May. 31
 2014

202
700


000
000









Beginning Balance
 Amount at May. 31
 2014

203


000


057


749)


511



Issuance of stock for cash
 shares

000











Issuance of stock for cash
 amount





552




000



Issuance of stock for Services
 shares

205











Issuance of stock Services
 amount





032




550









000




000











593)


593)



Ending Balance
 Shares at May. 31
 2015

168
905


000
000









Ending Balance
 Amount at May. 31
 2015

169


000


641


342)


468



Issuance of stock for cash
 shares

000











Issuance of stock for cash
 amount





853




001



Issuance of stock for Services
 shares

300











Issuance of stock Services
 amount





165




025



Issuance of common stock for investment
 shares

000











Issuance of common stock for investment
 amount





980




000



Issuance of common stock for repayment of note
 shares

266











Issuance of common stock for repayment of note
 amount





774




817











207)


207)



Ending Balance
 Shares at May. 31
 2016

040
471


200
000









Ending Balance
 Amount at May. 31
 2016

040


200


413


549)


896)







The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































The net amount of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities
 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015


























































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











207)


593)












025


550





765









241







000)





992


758)





150


475)





880







621)


035)












001


000





500





Proceeds form convertible notes payable
 
 net of financing costs of $12
500

000


000





740)







000)


000





000


000)





761


000





860)


965





101


136





241


101












483


500














000





817


































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the current portion (due within one year or one business cycle
 whichever is longer) of the amount owed by the reporting entity in the form of loans and obligations (generally evidenced by promissory notes) made by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


















































































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The amount of previously reported deferred or unearned revenue that was recognized as revenue during the period. For cash flows
 this element primarily pertains to amortization of deferred credits on long-term arrangements. As a noncash item
 it is deducted from net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











500









The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016











 Inc. (&#34;HISP&#34;
or the &#34;Company&#34;) was incorporated in Delaware in April 2013. The Company has not generated significant sales to date.
The Company currently markets and sells traditional Hispanic beverages and ethnic food packaged products and will license and/or
acquire existing brands and distributors of Hispanic products.




 the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 product delivery has occurred
 the sales price to the customer is fixed
or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The following policies reflect specific criteria for the various revenues
streams of the Company:



for sales returns is estimated based on the Company's historical return experience. Revenue is presented net of returns.






accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to make
estimates that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





authoritative guidance. Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding. During periods in which the Company
incurs losses common stock equivalents
 if any
 are not considered
 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. As of May 31
 2016
the convertible notes payable could be converted into approximately 101
000 shares of common stock.




taxes. Under the accrual method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial
reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be
in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more
likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.



tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax
positions meeting a &#147;more-likely than-not&#148; threshold
 the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit
expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold
 no financial statement
benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
 if any
 related to uncertain tax positions in income tax
expense. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of May 31
 2016
 and does not expect this to change significantly
over the next 12 months.




employees based on the fair value using an option pricing model. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria
is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for
non-performance.



with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 



the normal course of business and performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
 maintaining an allowance for
potential credit losses. Accounts receivable is reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based
on management's estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 no
allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed necessary.



the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market value.



and Disclosures
&#34; the Company is required to estimate the fair value of all financial instruments included on its balance
sheets. The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due
to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.




and promotion expense amounted to approximately $5
000 and $3
400 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.









On February 25
 2016
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &#34;Leases&#34; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial
reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing
equipment
 to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights to use those assets for the lease term and
obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance
or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public



In November 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17
 &#34;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&#34; This amendment simplifies the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective


early adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's
results of operation.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&#34;

 2017


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &#34;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory.&#34; This amendment only applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing
inventory. Entities would measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of
inventory in GAAP with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This amendment is effective for annual periods


adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's results of operation.

In April 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03&#160;
 &#147;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &#147; This guidance requires debt issuance costs
be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for
interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected
early adoption.


 2014
 FASB and The International Accounting Standards Board (the &#147;IASB&#148;)
issued a new joint revenue recognition standard that supersedes nearly all GAAP guidance on revenue recognition. The core principal
of the standard is that revenue recognition should depict the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The new standard is effective

are not known at this time.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016













of credit risk consist primarily of cash and trade accounts receivable. The Company places its cash with high quality credit institutions.
At times
 balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurance limit. Cash in
banks is insured by the FDIC up to $250
000 per institution
 per entity. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength
of its customers and
 as a consequence
 believes that its trade account receivable credit risk exposure is limited.





 2016
 sales to three customers accounted
for approximately 81% of the Company's net sales or approximately $156
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable
balances at May 31
 2016.


 2015
 sales to four customers accounted
for approximately 79% of the Company's net sales or approximately $169
000. There were no customers with significant accounts receivable
balances at May 31
 2015.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










 a stockholder lent the Company $10
000. The loan
bore interest at 5% per annum and matured on February 28
 2015. The loan balance on May 31
 2015 was $10
000. In September 2015
the stockholder agreed to accept 43
266 shares of the Company's Series A Common Stock at $0.25 per share in lieu of cash as repayment
of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest of $817 on the loan.


 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $20
000.
The loan bore interest at 36% per annum. Under the terms of the agreement
 the note matured on May 20
 2015. In April 2015
 the
Company repaid $10
000 of the loan balance. The remaining loan balance of $10
000
 together with accrued interest of $1
284
 was
paid by the Company in September 2015. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $384 at May 31
 2015.


 a stockholder and officer lent the Company $10
000.
The loan bears interest at 18% per annum. The maturity date of the note is July 1
 2016. As of August 31
 2016 the Company has
not repaid the loan. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $207 at May 31
 2016.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










 the Company issued a convertible note for the
principal amount of $6
000. The note had an original due date of December 31
 2014. In January 2015
 the holder signed an amendment
that made the note and accrued interest payable on demand. Interest accrues at 10% per annum. The holder has the option of converting
the note in whole or in part into the Company's common stock at the rate of $0.25 per share at any time prior to redemption. In
October 2015
 the Company repaid $3
000 of principal and $651 of interest. At May 31
 2016
 accrued interest on the debenture was
$ 193. At May 31
 2015
 accrued interest on the debenture was $436.


 the Company issued a convertible note
payable (the &#147;Note&#148;) for the principal amount of $87
500 including an original issue discount (&#34;OID&#34;) of
$7
500 and loan costs of $5
000. The OID and loan costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over 23 months and are
reported as financing costs. The note bears interest at 10%. The note requires payment and accrued interest upon maturity
in August 2017. Unamortized OID and loan costs totaled $7
735 at May 31
 2016. There is a prepayment premium of 125% of the
loan balance being paid prior to the maturity date. Upon an event of default as described in the Note
 the Company would
incur penalties and fees and the annual interest rate would increase to 22%. During the year ended May 31
 2016
 the Company
did not make timely payments and as a result incurred penalties and other fees of approximately $7
836 and the interest rate
increased to 22%. During 2016
 the Company made principal payments of $24
740 and Interest payments of $6
548. At May 31
2016
 accrued interest of $462 is reported as accounts payable and accrued expenses.


 the Note holder has the right
 until
the outstanding balance has been paid in full
 to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of fully paid
and non-assessable common stock
 $0.001 par value per shares of the Company (the &#147;Lender Conversion Shares&#148;)
 as per
the following conversion formula:


(the &#34;Conversion Amount&#34;) divided by the Lender Conversion Price.


per share
 however
 in the event the Market Capitalization falls below $20
000
000.00 at any time
 then in such event (a) the Lender
Conversion Price for all Lender Conversions occurring after the first date of such occurrence shall equal the lower of the Lender
Conversion Price and the Market Price as of any applicable date of Conversion.


 a Conversion Factor of 70%
 shall
apply to the Lender Conversion Price
 subject to the following adjustments: (i) If at any time the average of the three (3) lowest
Closing Bid Prices in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding any date of measurement is below $1.00
 then in such event
the then-current Conversion Factor shall be reduced by 10% for all future conversions; (ii) if at any time after the effective
date of the Note
 the Conversion Shares are not DTC Eligible
 then the then-current Conversion Factor will automatically be reduced
by 5% for all future conversions; and
 (iii) in addition to the Default Effect
 as defined
 if any Major Default occurs
 as defined
after the effective date of the Note
 the Conversion Factor shall automatically be reduced for all future conversions by an additional
5% for each of the first three (3) Major Defaults that occur.


 on June 17
 2016 the note holder elected
to convert $12
500 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 18
315 shares of our common stock at a conversion
price of $0.6825 per share.


 on July 25
 2016 the note holder elected
to convert $15
000 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance into 52
053 shares of our common stock at a conversion
price of $0.288167 per share.



 the Company borrowed $18
500 from an unrelated third
party (GHS). The loan bears interest at 22% per annum. The Company incurred late payment penalties and other fees of
approximately $13
304. Accrued and unpaid interest totaled $691 at May 31
 2016. The principal amount of the loan
 the late payment
penalties and other fees and accrued interest was repaid in July 2016.







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










 NY office on a
month to month basis from the Company's Chief Operating Officer and stockholder for $750 per month.


 2016 and 2015 totaled
$9
697 and $7
500
 respectively.



 2015
 the company entered into an agreement
to acquire a 20% minority equity interest in Just Buns Inc. in exchange for 20
000 shares to the Company&#146;s common stock.
The company also entered into an exclusive Distribution Agreement with Just Buns
sold
under the name &#147;Swirly Buns&#148;. As of the date of this filing the company has not finalized these transactions. Upon
finalization the company will issue 20
000 shares of common stock.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016













    

 2016

 2015

    
326
000
165
000

    
(326
000
(165
000


 net
    
    





the statutory federal and state income tax rates to the loss before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences
are as follows:



    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2016 the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $815
000 to reduce future federal and state taxable income through 2036. The valuation
allowance increased by approximately $161
000 and $35
000 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



state or New York City tax
examinations in progress nor has it had any federal
state or New York City examinations since its inception. All of the Company&#146;s
tax years are subject to federal
state and New York City tax examination.




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










through common ownership and management. The Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company is the supplier&#146;s
President. In addition
 the Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company has a minority interest in the supplier. The
amount of inventory purchased from this supplier during the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 was approximately $204
000 and
$214
000
 respectively. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company has advances to this supplier of $14
740 and $15
000
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016











basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.


of its investment necessary to achieve its operating plan
 which is long-range in nature. Since inception the Company incurred
a net loss of approximately $815
000. In addition
 the Company has a working capital deficit as of May 31
 2016.


itself for the next 12 months
 and will require additional funding in order to execute its plan of operations and to continue as
a going concern. To meet its cash needs
 management expects to raise capital through a private placement offerings or borrowings
from stockholders or others.


the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.




































The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










 the Company entered into a Senior Secured
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;) with TCA Global Credit Master Fund L.P.
(&#147;TCA&#148;) for a total amount of $7.5 million. However
 as of the execution date of the Credit Facility
 only $1.6
million has been allocated by TCA to the Company for working capital financing and for any other purpose permitted under the
terms of the Credit Facility. Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&#147;ESD&#148;) is Corporate Guarantor to the Credit
Facility. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 the Company is obligated to pay approximately $544
000 of transaction fees
to TCA including a Transaction Advisory Fee equal to 2% of the loan commitment amount
 as defined by the Credit Facility
 and
an Advisory Fee of $350
000 which may be paid in restricted stock or cash. On July 5
 2016 the Company borrowed $650
000 from
the Credit Facility and used the proceeds to acquire ESD for $450
000; payoff the GHS loan in the amount of $32
534; $74
466
was used to pay vendors for inventory purchases and $93
000 was paid to TCA for closing fees. The credit facility has a
maturity date of January 5
 2017 which may be extended for an additional six months at the lender&#146;s discretion.


 2016
 the Company acquired all of the net assets of
Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. by purchasing all of the outstanding shares of ESD stock for $450
000. ESD will be operated as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of HISP.


balance sheet of the consolidated Company as of May 31
 2016:



    


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

065

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




statements of operations of the consolidated Company for the year ended May 31
 2016:







    Consolidated Statement of Operations


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 net
193
734
2
775
113
    
    
2
968
847

    
215
997
2
091
010
    
    
2
307
007

    
(22
263
684
103
    
    
661
840

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
342
506
555
177
10
000
    
907
683

    
    
    
    
    
    


    income/(loss) before other expenses
(364
769
128
926
(10
000
    
(245
843

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(35
438
(1
225
(147
000
    
(183
663

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(400
207
127
701
(157
000
    
(429
506

    
    
    
    
    
    

    







are based on the Company&#146;s historical financial statements as adjusted to give effect to the acquisition of
Energy Source Distributors
 Inc. (&#147;ESD&#148;) and the debt issuance necessary to finance the acquisition. The unaudited
pro forma Consolidated statement of operations for the year ended May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD acquisition
as if it had occurred on June 1
 2015. The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet as of May 31
 2016 gives effect to the ESD
acquisition as if it had occurred on May 31
 2016.




 2016
 the Company acquired all of the
outstanding stock of ESD and certain assets from ESD for total consideration of $450
000. The Company financed the
acquisition by borrowing the purchase price and closing fees from TCA. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial
information includes various assumptions
 including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets
acquired from ESD based on management&#146;s best estimates of fair value. 


final appraisals
 valuations and analyses of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Accordingly
 the
pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for illustrative purposes.


the purchase price for ESD to the acquired identifiable assets and pro forma goodwill:



    
    

    
450
000

    
75
000

    
375
000








and assumptions that are subject to change. The following adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information:




000
to the acquired property and equipment

000 necessary
to finance the acquisition

assets
 which represents customer lists
 work force and the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of ESD&#146;s
identifiable assets acquired as shown in Note 2

Adjustments to the pro forma condensed statements
of operations


expense related to the acquired property and equipment as discussed in Note 3(a)

the loan issuance of $543
000 with a fixed 12% annual interest rate.





 the Company assumed a lease for approximately 12
000 square feet
of warehouse space located in Gilroy
 California at a base rent of $5
248 per month. The lease terminates on June 30
 2021. In
addition
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with a general manager for a period of one year at a cost of $58
000.
The employment agreement expires in July 2017.





































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










 Inc. (&#34;HISP&#34;
or the &#34;Company&#34;) was incorporated in Delaware in April 2013. The Company has not generated significant sales to date.
The Company currently markets and sells traditional Hispanic beverages and ethnic food packaged products and will license and/or
acquire existing brands and distributors of Hispanic products.







 the Company records revenue when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 product delivery has occurred
 the sales price to the customer is fixed
or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The following policies reflect specific criteria for the various revenues
streams of the Company:


for sales returns is estimated based on the Company's historical return experience. Revenue is presented net of returns.








accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to make
estimates that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.








authoritative guidance. Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding. During periods in which the Company
incurs losses common stock equivalents
 if any
 are not considered
 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. As of May 31
 2016
the convertible notes payable could be converted into approximately 101
000 shares of common stock.







taxes. Under the accrual method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial
reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be
in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more
likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.



tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax
positions meeting a &#147;more-likely than-not&#148; threshold
 the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit
expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold
 no financial statement
benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
 if any
 related to uncertain tax positions in income tax
expense. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of May 31
 2016
 and does not expect this to change significantly
over the next 12 months.







employees based on the fair value using an option pricing model. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria
is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for
non-performance.







with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 







the normal course of business and performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
 maintaining an allowance for
potential credit losses. Accounts receivable is reported net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based
on management's estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected. As of May 31
 2016 and 2015
 no
allowance for doubtful accounts was deemed necessary.







the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market value.







and promotion expense amounted to approximately $5
000 and $3
400 for the years ended May 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.














and Disclosures
&#34; the Company is required to estimate the fair value of all financial instruments included on its balance
sheets. The Company considers the carrying value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due
to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.







On February 25
 2016
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2016-2
 &#34;Leases&#34; (Topic 842)
 which is intended to improve financial
reporting for lease transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
 such as real estate and manufacturing
equipment
 to recognize assets and liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights to use those assets for the lease term and
obligations to make lease payments created by those leases that have terms of greater than 12 months. The recognition
 measurement
and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance
or operating lease. This ASU will also require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount and timing of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures will include qualitative and quantitative requirements
providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU will be effective for public



In November 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17
 &#34;Income Taxes
 Balance Sheet Classifications of Deferred Taxes.&#34; This amendment simplifies the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring that all deferred tax liabilities and assets now be recorded as noncurrent. This amendment is effective


early adoption permissible. The Company will adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's
results of operation.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&#34;

 2017


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &#34;Inventory. Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory.&#34; This amendment only applies to entities that use the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost methods of valuing
inventory. Entities would measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This amendment aligns measurement of
inventory in GAAP with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This amendment is effective for annual periods


adopt this amendment in 2017. This amendment has no material impact on the Company's results of operation.

In April 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03&#160;
 &#147;Interest -Imputation of Interest. &#147; This guidance requires debt issuance costs
be presented in the balance sheet as a reduction in liability rather than as an asset. This amendment is effective for
interim and reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 with early adoption permissible. The Company has elected
early adoption.


 2014
 FASB and The International Accounting Standards Board (the &#147;IASB&#148;)
issued a new joint revenue recognition standard that supersedes nearly all GAAP guidance on revenue recognition. The core principal
of the standard is that revenue recognition should depict the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The new standard is effective

are not known at this time.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016










    

 2016

 2015

    
326
000
165
000

    
(326
000
(165
000


 net
    
    








    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016







The following table presents the unaudited condensed pro forma
balance sheet of the consolidated Company as of May 31
 2016:



    


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

065

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

061

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




statements of operations of the consolidated Company for the year ended May 31
 2016:







    Consolidated Statement of Operations


 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 net
193
734
2
775
113
    
    
2
968
847

    
215
997
2
091
010
    
    
2
307
007

    
(22
263
684
103
    
    
661
840

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
342
506
555
177
10
000
    
907
683

    
    
    
    
    
    


    income/(loss) before other expenses
(364
769
128
926
(10
000
    
(245
843

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(35
438
(1
225
(147
000
    
(183
663

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(400
207
127
701
(157
000
    
(429
506

    
    
    
    
    
    

    








    
    

    
450
000


 plant and equipment
75
000


    intangible asset
375
000








Tabular disclosure of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination or through an asset purchase
 by major class and in total
 including the value of the asset acquired
 any significant residual value (the expected value of the asset at the end of its useful life) and the weighted-average amortization period.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015









Common stock equivalents
 outstanding

000














000


400



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











000


























Concentration Risk
 Percentage








000


000

























































Description of risks that arise due to the volume of business transacted with a particular customer. At a minimum
 the description informs financial statement users of the general nature of the risk
 but excludes Information about Major Customers that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance
 segment disclosures).

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 30
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015
May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015



















000


000)































  2014











  2015











000

































266












































  2015











  2015











000







000


000









284



























































  2016











  2016











000

























































































Increase for accrued
 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.

























































Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 25
 2016
Jun. 17
 2016
May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015



















500











735





Issuance of common stock for repayment of note
 amount





817

































  2014











  2014











000






















000


































































  2015











500











500











735











000












































740











548











836
















Issuance of common stock for repayment of note
 amount

000


500







Issuance of common stock for repayment of note
 shares

053


315














































  2016











  2016











500











500






















304

















































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of outstanding long-term debt or borrowing associated with any securities or credit agreement for which there has been a default in principal
 interest
 sinking fund
 or redemption provisions
 or any breach of covenant that existed at the end of the period and subsequently has not been cured.

























































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.




























Increase for accrued
 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.

























































Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.



















































































































The net amount of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities
 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 31
 2016







Under the terms of the Note
 the Note holder has the right
 until
the outstanding balance has been paid in full
 to convert all or any part of the outstanding balance into shares of fully paid
and non-assessable common stock
 $0.001 par value per shares of the Company (the &#147;Lender Conversion Shares&#148;)
 as per
the following conversion formula:


(the &#34;Conversion Amount&#34;) divided by the Lender Conversion Price.


per share
 however
 in the event the Market Capitalization falls below $20
000
000.00 at any time
 then in such event (a) the Lender
Conversion Price for all Lender Conversions occurring after the first date of such occurrence shall equal the lower of the Lender
Conversion Price and the Market Price as of any applicable date of Conversion.


 a Conversion Factor of 70%
 shall
apply to the Lender Conversion Price
 subject to the following adjustments: (i) If at any time the average of the three (3) lowest
Closing Bid Prices in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding any date of measurement is below $1.00
 then in such event
the then-current Conversion Factor shall be reduced by 10% for all future conversions; (ii) if at any time after the effective
date of the Note
 the Conversion Shares are not DTC Eligible
 then the then-current Conversion Factor will automatically be reduced
by 5% for all future conversions; and
 (iii) in addition to the Default Effect
 as defined
 if any Major Default occurs
 as defined
after the effective date of the Note
 the Conversion Factor shall automatically be reduced for all future conversions by an additional
5% for each of the first three (3) Major Defaults that occur.







Description of long-term debt arrangements
 which are debt arrangements that originally require full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 conversion features
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements. Types of long-term debt arrangements include borrowing under notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 term loans
 and other contractual obligations for payment.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015









Rent Expense
 monthly








697


500



































This element represents the payments that the lessee is obligated to make or can be required to make in connection with a property under the terms of an agreement classified as an operating lease
 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











000


000





000)


000)



Deferred tax asset
 net










Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015




























































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











000







000


000





  2036































































































Expiration date of the tax credit carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015











000


000





740


000







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Segment Reporting
 Measurement Disclosures [Abstract]






000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 31
 2014













241


101


136





692


206







740


000







887


879







560


186





Property and equipment
 net



















560


















051


718







880









500









431


718














Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized financing costs of $7
735

025









456


718







896)


468


511





560


186

























394









058









728









705









885







Property and equipment
 net

578


















061
463


















707









217









924


















924









539









061
463



























394)









058)









728)









705)









885)







Property and equipment
 net

578)









000









463)


















707)









783









076


















076









065
539)









463)



























241









692









740









887









560







Property and equipment
 net

000









000









560


















051









880









500









431
















Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized financing costs of $7
735

025









456









896)









560











Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.


















































































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 31
 2016
May 31
 2015


Product sales
 net

734


502





997


017





263)


515)





506


258





769)


773)





438)


820)





207)


593)










Product sales
 net

775
113







091
010







103







177







926







225)







701












Product sales
 net






















000







000)







000







000












Product sales
 net

968
847







307
007







840







683







843)







663)







506)










 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 31
 2016
Jul. 05
 2016




500
000







600
000


000





000







000























000














534














466





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.




























Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000



Property
 plant and equipment

000





000





000












The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























248





000







This element represents the payments that the lessee is obligated to make or can be required to make in connection with a property under the terms of an agreement classified as an operating lease
 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.




























Expenditures for salaries other than officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx


\DZWZ47#R^.PF!IVBZ

M:JYFQ
1H=


M8)5(Z5([5(X58Y58Z58[58X5HY5H%5H%5H%5H%5H%5H%

M#C2B]AQ2U\=43'X




MD9L4N@EC-REX$T9O5O1FC-ZLZ
V@L[9VV


MK8(+8W9SG
 0IX(#-3-:NK]^!X@L1/S*87




9:DRJJ_
M*+(O

;_3^;8Y0ISI2*SO3









M65]Y&JH:MMVTLY271R8DK?5XW,ZFUR9@-P(B*J@&'8.EMFY\^OL[G[]D%73
M@L[S8I$7=$T7C%(V6[P?)[OP-QK6_1#_UO'98-HN*FS@RMTFC4S+39\))$(
/F7/Z3H=,H%N,!M8('_.;Z?D3EJ(X53Q
!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]
ME 6Z2?:CTQ4(

MPIWT;+^D00FTHVG09-CVVJZ1IJJ-4T_3]WW?ZYMHG J-6T_3:W?=TXZ)QJW0

@ %AP=M;
T@.6

4'RO0;:*
MX

M
A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM

:P4:O&W6'

MJ81@6A+&T7A.TK01_%FL-9
^8



=4KY





;G*YZ(G;ZEW?!8/+]<,E'
M#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QYQ1$!=$4(Y4<!A87
N10[I*0!A
!S93)
M1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L P%(1=RX^_ODVIW


M6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$








MT




[^;.1[R]9KW5($L+._X(24S+XT
M=E\9X4]02P





M/!\/
!X=&?:U6T:?%03:&XB4FCW1@MQ/O+Z'R$'75XQK*F=$TVM9'_9
/!B6
MAS9



2V&%PFA7Q.P9.A-[Z+G&SQ2(I%F;Q




6T#; 4+1L4/T]DGYN(%0A@#:'CAL[ZQ
M ;0]@+8'#MM/J]#[VN !#*#J@4/UTV-\CM:')HN$BTAJM53.%3O1 4#B(*J
M!ZZVXK2XP

MMOM6S6=

V'SB/S+U
S&O2=)Q'\EL3











NWEWE8C[\[NK52GJ0



MIC3;KD^1N\N[V9BR[#.YEO]
2?^WV0?.[Z_9OPW==?9?\]9L;/F[V'5'YY:%

 *H5*



:A9A)2?D/(
M1.:?QS0WN4*+4DI/!IIV'.-.0L1P3#*EF%P1P0Y?9./QAW'O),)-(-1QF,E
M50+=8-UG]:69QS4V!#%/:+S=ILG(,SR*'I^YIG $)(9*)S /'.?:;A
*)5W

MQDO07!.8:PIR36!@/6@N%1S8#2647
8S4MY[HMDF

M

S;PY%W0:OMG.GFN'L




HBF'V'NB4=KVGG

?-'V%/R.TG?5^7%8^T Q



MX4-#.!EPQ

MG9:D:1B[DT3.))$-F;G]L=



M+GAM;'U738^;

M/$





MS\#1&GC/Y]
:-

5R-1-1*H
M4210
T2NS0R38.%RQ8((0J7$VJDF@&AJH24:!\98P@
U&$Q**G$UE6C
MP$JKF;G5*%_#:@*9&PUD4DZ\ZP75P$A\9L^FJ)(4*@DVTR:%2K0@.IC^#(%)
MEDX$WZGI/ VS 0+UR- '
CDMW8H!T%Q

MP?C&=^1#__P99KT\Y0?S(V\.1=U&K];YWK3O(/?6.N.%DD?_ISGZ;X;;0VGV
MKKM5_KX9NNCAP=G3]:/@]F6R_@=02P

 P  #!$

M@6-@[
38/2PPF
/N6;'I6!@]/)(2S_[]4H\X5G?+LSE$KVIVL4E6D5Y=JOI'
WX(PV9_<D7:?*G.KO1?CE5=I*U_K%_#YER[]- '%7DH









M.W8E9TX(5*9!8$:00:SPI08F1VQ:,! 5D?AN:4%ILBWG@
;:!
_S\.:0






Z

M.Q?)0XT6L_*8RF/H4S3'J\1HE1BI
F)SA@K
_FUS._L/FW.TROS/*D!Q@04J


M 9:G
0D\4# E48!&:NQ?!3Q4@*5J


M;+;_OGQM-GC&O00P[XS?

M9

\;#'M)8/B
M9VZNS=UYT)M_L?9W?_%M_[@0O0=3F%W;I\BZPZO9FJ+H
W4]_YF2?O39!]Z?
MOV?_
I3;V7_)&K.UQ:]\WYXZMV(1[
TANQ3M#WO]:J8:5)]P9XMF^ UVEZ:U

V6Z]J

9-7BON2G+ONM
M^2ZV )QWD'6T:1\CU(M@@YQ,M9$0F?(&(31$.:)8@=49AU.A!4PV:920$


MT


M9$K_JN)AB P



5Q&.XQ(ST/

B_!5 Q'8

0;W;SLSX&H4T!*%3:*ASG*$$2JV0?P^:UY#

MH02(D0^_]MRMDS_91S-MFQ#/A'@A1/O_$I*9D%P)B:O49^;J^DXTR3
I)B3]



$%

[HU?$LVLX%!RL+
MMN!JH4!;@9H8:([T=G<XY2$B!OP6,-K5F03M9\278#S41YH$2A<H&!^^T

MN4-JZD&JQ#=850HOC;M L=]W&ZR;
9M@U(9TZ 'XD4?B4*,K\R1TOX
C
M
&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P+GAM;'U3VV[<(!#]%<0'!_K7+3R6LHFJMJ'



]19$G4!:


CJNA

2+(_UOB





MG#DS#

M/
L^
2VDH661?$^V+'#P2AIXLL0-6@O[YPP*QQ/=T9OC6;:=CPY6%FS!U5*#




M
VN/;13P.(#7Z=\7L-=Q6ZL78(9Y;]X
?<^FR'%P2G;P;(@=M!;F


'=@?M&E






M


THJ:$1@_(O.'Z%N80\$E:H7%I)-3B/
M^@:A1(NW:9
9M@W@


M='

M*







M 0  L0



M *[/5_;'6*U7?^86'E^BMIU7FQ20T-'Z1[QO$7S7L V&%TL:55(-UJ*X0
M2A3_F':AXSY.-_G=#-L&9#,@6P!W210^)8HR?W+'R\+@2,S4VIZ'%TP/F6]$
M%9RQ[GCGA5KOO93I;5JP2R:8TY33+:.62*89U]29%LI3MD_\&P;GF\JS,\
M7V??Y]L$NTV7238_;?$K9B_5;)53Q68-HZ.)14..@[JRKM


 X





MV:0KKZ5LJJ@]5(IR:

BF]='!BIS-N$IJ
$ZB(1;J(WW8'$Z[
M&)$?DH8W.),HO8SXFLTOE='FD4)H*#TD4&$[0*/H%0DHG?)LZ/E!&X/%_9
MGU*U0?U9.'A$]4M6O@UB

M71#J@O=2;/;[G%TBT11S&F/X
.RN'V3^I<4?4$L#


M9QOZ7DTOY
;4.Q]_T

 SP%9:!.?0#;-;T21LA!\]

)DA28,8\G.N 0  %@0  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T


M49D%C@6


M[;2H);-NJ3MJ!@VL20I:):F]U0RKI*J#+57794X6L$5O&IB1BF9_G,@=
Q


\Q$V*
MJ$D1$7B\


M

'F5V99

OL%D*X(Z]35%

M#+.[24(WC9.@NW _#:EQ5.$U;*+K$WC
0^
_X54YL Y^





M-OZ]:-XL#7$[OZI_M=7J[

7Y_U:S^ E!+ P04     !X

MDH
EL2; 89@&C-2M7^1V[%44.3^KIF[IJ_#DF3$B_FUIP_NUC_SKP%M]JI09

M;F

C

ML-[ UH!QAG;,\VETSYT)I.']IG8LLT$D MRG/[[H$OB*/$]8.YG=VSB_0A

M@L4L.
6M\E)432XKKQ;KN?^5W3Y2VDJ







(G


&..;)T.F.?09ROV;]%^\
 \\0


MHS@4_17*'Q#0O1+@E..J3M)3
P]3U=4/

MXG




+3!R

LG8=4&(% 1@5X2]PB'*1L%
ML+D6.5V+H\@7R*
- M2SM@

MR05@N?+EBFDN/L%S@8DN;F$Z BF/( G
=8&([/1X[;0O391OU!+F.R&^VQ5-
MH

X%NFW3(
TTCPMO0B[AE9?PA E/@/.(B-0[(N#4^
M\+$]&#(


2?7&&0OK' 6!;8E05G[?;([C)
M+%@TKMX1C+SRP5@^V)4/$=E[7;E0U%DCZTG !,IX_

)891C*C[(1&D!#+
MJ2]-19S824U06D#CE.S9E
%:Q9.Y9QN),E7/)8DEI_8V&U82 DSE2*0+&'
M
8S5AH':.J-0+%GRF:L-8RTQF;F!/)O[Y:1L-BP*S9@'YE^*A)6&T9[#GM&
M0#?CQVDBP''D4P(989Z)TC(2EA$)5B&.?DZ@Q?9F;2_2P]DARE[U7]G
!V-:W3F

MYW7;_P%02P

M971S+W-H965T


M;51@7

NY(6^^[ V.N;$$+=X
=


MP




M_16+#Z@)!% B@E12K78?5JKZL/OLP'!1?:&V=V_7]L00@GJ[;'Y\PY8SQ.






30G5]B@.RBW9RI3)GK-@F27XJM--&'R$1
L


%7@?






[M;0JM9J0CI]VH'X'5WOB/D3MDZ'OL.:

M5V2W*?'9$\V88\20&TRQ8+#C7T1(2N1($@3;-
$ZZ7(=-8W!+LTP29)L D$
MFQNQ[LV4YAO:9$B*5+\3_8WXE$S#9@9,3D[KF3P5?;)T!WX90:5*M1ACMQ
ME5TNPA,)V_\%K\J!=O+ZHY)@T[*ND
4MKI5RH(SDS\X-[V[JDO H;5^NG-S
M'4]O#*P:+G=Q^2%4_P!02P


MV\6DJA?;M0
O =7&U'9]^_G#\((M7*#O\XY?EXP+D8AWU0+H*,/SGJUCUNM
MAQUJFJ!4_4@!NC-2B
DI]H
Y0FI00*MG8DSA)-D@SCM^K@LW-R++ MQUJSK



M._J5;#O9P@8\&?!L2
E= YD
9&5 GLS5]4PU+0LIQDCZ;S%0^\G3'3%OKK*3
M[D6Y-5.9

M .(LIL LBK#:[9.TSL-P9LD25:U?):EFWPIN\')@CA9 =;X7C-9K'/ER!/

M^^0U@+^&[YV:Z%Z$Z.P_
:.)/M(-6[I24$23DDE4.[QB@0I,(=GS7C1R

%4PD$)YA1S_;7R
MG@M*[A3;(NAK')M6C\.X$WH3S4SP)X(_$[QHEQ!

M4XK

F':K@%V)5
MTW+K2H5\T_KEE90*D!;=)WEKM6RU\P)#*=0TEG
V=I]Q(6AW[Z5S0T__ U!+


M970S
A<'2K'X5P#AX]$/_6O@


JFCESQZ2C-T
M
8EF3#%AHA4F7!!(9U\D(I=$$=W1HX\)P?BR:T0.P\16WZ\-IA\DF#G3+S
;QXT;%V9;6K3ZV2B(QC:A]$H^,&6N=15=^OPY,C_K)E[H_I_:]98FSWK<
MP\LFHY)[\R5;@7[P]:<*] 6@P==BE:_4

M_P]02P


\SD8A/U0+H-$G9[TZ!JW6PP%C5;; J7H1 _1F
MIQ:24VV6LL%JD$ K1^(


*K%'%GO9R$^[.)'

M4 4UO3#]+L;O

M

G@VT@9]4-EVO


$


M&!52=:\1BC03AB-++0G_' XGO.(2(#? B:WL5'4?C'F+3H_FQ.F40)(J'UD
MX&&[PB-(&8EX;\+YT?)F+BU;^Q/J=N@_L(=/!KY1S2^#V(I1@VT?)3^U4S/
ML+101
+:2)=65(_.&W5+P4CQ]WD7.NW3?%+D2]I^ EL2V)K :!(^%THR?W#/

60P+\6
M87M%SFR'(-\GR'959HD@^T10[!/DNP1Y(L@W!-^S+UW.D/L$T3/D4%!*OY0A





]_MVIB;SW]=)_\O9#NS_

MY;VJB\/GD/GLD/VX_-X=N]_GRW\2=1V&!YCK '


M+/02XKN0XV49WE 0]2BCB+0*HI[ 7%I;ARLF6#')BH.-?[B$N%X6[=+PZH @
MHR*5

M562D20ID5F]!L7W=9@IHGY:BHHVD2FP+&DCB_5AK4;4:A+%H; 
.MU$BD'
MJYQ&





E^%HY


M(UCPL$0F-1&1L1A]R]/=WV*HK81:&*X%3S!CQ6*H+8!:.*F55#=.PU$&
-56

+C?0O =SXAC0W3@/1TV.
=XL\18FQX#N
0P8






M





2898NIQ$)E
9.10H6$(42R0IQ.Q
M=))W&G= Q1=S!QEB4.&R8L$@(2GDW

M+!M%V60.&T5@9(2Q4 X;&@:IC4MY-@G+)F$VCK
Y-PD=M511HAS:6R8.198D

R*L

H7O3(B=ZC
M9N35C-PG!-E35

MS+





U+GAM;(U5VXZ;
!#]

./M5GE2AW?JN<Z)G<F7JC;??:)]#


)@)M@3A$\%ZDDF'22RFMI@D\LT/



M!


7PMH


2+18Z:W&LZKTG2V#YA3AKD
MI '.9L$9-=F
Y.0!#EUP\M6VI0G]E+,-<K8K
M#B&/\Y:0Y-D <&SGUZ .ONSK5$E+YV_26;1Z?IX(O[0?
C+HF=G^


CP
C^_L--EVCY7]02P
$
&ULC53;;ML@&'X5Y <H/KN+'$M-IVF[F%3U8KLF]N^#RL$#''=O/\.

M:I1 &D=B%

08D7]/0
5\#*+@6G@=NE[;
M JY*O/&:@0%7@^!(0GL

M0


#K&YB-H6W;G=G@FJ3/52)6E6XHL56C&G!1/O
-&&P$9]


SP  %    'AL


J((X0:H=GL#XB&C


D[67@;_3![?I)O$

M7_M1)KQH(2ZC+

8




F%:&? \3Q+J$*1SV-'/OI<T3GYZVAZ<]CKE

W]Y'^4NUW'VP;Z*0Z!2+WD!586






M5&2Q2//-)@S\I$(TT1.
7H/@AS@#J

_N<- K9FW#2+UT!=GMQ!J0&*_;?IQIO[?W@%<CWUDR?_U0^B



M(F42A%











@%RGLMY!VD:#/5QZ<





H3]9 CG//A2;SECA^

9K'R29.R(X!A




+9Y
!4('N])$'ME&B;




M20 3!!Y9 [B*)P^D8*ZWGSH 7-];$V0M
+W5
*4%$%C1$P@B&EMEP=IGH2I!
1*AEUF@_%P33;(@T:BF?J[5*P SC&R1RB[
MD=,E01O ;]DK(YZ-<1YJ

CGK4@LR8


M





MP4BM0$%PE&N%T5=2,^2%D%LQ+X:3?AGT=2V(=P.DJXW=QA,)^0C5G*&-

2@
I#
MY (CTQ*?!39L2*.WM
0@4N(;82_C/
4)%VCX4Y6(,D%29?( G!+KVJ(&3Y
M'OL
Z3Y&.\1V/!FH[A*2#0Q5GVTQ<)J2A




MN+24D()B**5ABI(?M/?'%4BF

M%JF7O+2$3OJS/A&925?M$A



MCGIN'SXJ$?\YF&*SFKHUD#Y=M8

!IUQ6O/F!H('TECA_B#9COXW[WQ)7V9L J&($$

\*5Y$I^
M







EAD!\4%G P$UXX\ 


;7*@W1.N
M^/*KBM^+T^EZDYO#3'W?@C:\2!5R



M!7 E4^3F^OSR^N&.F\K1=W0?H++^23\JMF6Y
N.+^B*TY%86!
LSB_N[R8
M/HB[Z?V?\-R94\6NXNUS]IC@?#9=?_G7M

X9;MD;H^:4FR0ATUP




E&KH*Y.4-'V






M8






8 PH@4W R
M

(#S^SV)K=:GE'5X-4%=8'D\2P
86-

@]#5WHG4$B1
MQXN\J]\&LBYZP:C@\)HVCC4PU
P3Y




M@^._*#G?@&%
'=#3%
G6

MT

M(D@


M1^P$3@%!3?O;LC/*UHBL] )' H*R2N7




MG3CG-Q\_3A\^7EX_W(O)]07&Q[#



)%@I





778QMSGLV(JO
)HRCQU.ZE0;7R]54F/XL




Y4)%:M[#(-)1-E7TU3;6ARG0O$O



MDU&84@.



GQ2C



MXA6.*



OE!-J=?G;JWH\1@
MZ Z&;3&&O\=CZ*D^G




M
1R.\'NY*%NM+$X_ 
AV!Q+F_ ^G^FI0IS=P^X-A9991MXO?RQZ['Y42QZ.Q
M.SX; NC.


MG=L^ TKHM$D

G


/LQ7C4V!PL;8V\5
;JXC6 /;855Y+7

M;OR4R.HSC)F8ZZ8Q?UC?WF7?==@\


AKD^]*1W*:W7<])5_)Q6T%3 BU-#<#@+8L46E^09Q A9L Q8
8V6S9V\_*%'A:]FZVP\Y6Q4R:+33TNT70J3$)7




M\.JLCG;TUM('%_KRVQ2@!K^NK522VD(?)8.=@3BE!/V(H\+F;J&B)HB8*VD+


19G$+_!PX5VW/[9S!A]6]HU]F-#!MP2[L99?MT.U4W6QT8KV71T
MT3 CLIA!YVDCBP_C1,9B^-H?TDLCJ8C*C%Y9RS08FT+FVN$!Y52C9R69CFKB
M8'N_:G.L7MI//ACOW>S[;?#6SC_SF_A5$N_*T_C[-'D\'K.?^O7



M='B4R3\\RG1XE.GP*-/A42;O[_DH4^&BJ^
'\I)4TG3LPU9
D/SWLF#^X]Z
M5?5_J]NL\.JG\J__&:Z7VGE-02-R=U6:R,S4@D:V%_KK,IT/9;'




*%=&-:


M:_2:TE-V%=!V:X5(MUO+1?8K&H74V?KWBK?(@9V


M=

M;W9TMV+[F3A@_9 UH=$ZXU8'/NM'V=)[=X@S.WE;X14 =I
Q77^'VN[6^GJQ
M1B_&MY--0\!O'P*JQN[J!
VT.?!E1;:&U+J*MF.0RNR7[ 52#Y:MA^I?*D



M% 



)DA24C=M$E#
M @  6 @  !@              ( !11P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'B9(4E1U1F%.@,  *4,   8              

M7*X7;LP#   


M     ( !




  !@              ( !CBX  'AL+W=O


' [3GP$  +$#



  !D              ( !.3(


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !XF2%)&$^A



^.7-P(  $\'   9









4     !XF2%)3A.!.D!   3!0  &0              @ $Y6P


MWP$  -

M

  !D


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !X


S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'B9(4GFW6*IQ@
  .$0   9






V+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'B9(4GB_TBR0$  ( $   9                ?5O

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001017386-16-000525-xbrl.zip

#$V
#4S
2YX
M;6SMO6MWHTB2





M-ON?5?7_RSEA9$63



M'YY8=$Y\PJ;#J28




?/AL[B7 E!A'+[EW0Y



DF!RPB%KFYY/'0

88:M^#
M/\

.5R/X\5R48-8Z
&

TXTIZ66BV[H:KL'+[T3CMBY;
?5RB2;YK&-W7=





L@

8L?]XN)@CYXA8X20@OSBA;^A:]S
\$P\6
M_Y2= D=;


%G(@] ZF64.R
7S


M4SN:T6EO/^MVU.[HY4)1@+Y&/P_:,3W ^$WO2$;2Q9-[_6ZZ43BD$6GRR-7




M+W[@_)L
\J%Q7HYZLKW$&SDVT/VCSN:@3M.@PGVV)



MVS'&A


%5S001 E0!N9T7N
M$N(B
2F%N7! G


MPD:^]@;D^]_)-#=08J#XTM'$Z2Y\F]:K?)R.\R]=4T_^SL877U\T[!V-N;YD

M$#+PGI(


M9M\*3$


?*RO8'2=\WMDS]1.^)OJJE

FW1F$
M*'Q0O,3I4648&UK/S++6XJFV 6FUZD-!^AXZGSW'_?D(I(H0I]*QL BV5P!
M4K*2_7?0A@

YHSF8)[JZ4RCG=2Q-I^[LQF%N1FOH









WU%L0990??'(0M8^QRKW$3G&^X]&6JLCR*S*H

R*


MK6MLZ%WL7M2N%\*B)L
Z:5
.-$6TUWZGUS.Z1;&&9_#MD/Z.M=RY+^(!E)A2




M.*]KNMEO5SC]=CVF2X5N=8GI#1H2ETJZ$F1#MRMF:U:'K


SL.6L9W(S09K=#NFK0B6!K5&]M'=65V\;8J['9@!5MZS5
M=%FV+*VK&EJ[7?:R:)DO^)D5.2_1D

V'EI5A^IM$6
M3*Z9&38 H/%24]7RYR_A -.#&ZH!J M55ZC.Q/5R6






M;@@WOH8I]/ _EW]-G%?+Q4./I4_.2M%RCIQ.3_1E%)F_;-@+'S)Z7_3UE0_Z







MV(DL-X]?1]-


MLX4BHG:[QJ&@J$/;$G9B%.5J43BG6IMY3]J]P$?W1#=B?.1J=KC@2FS'^&!2

]W



MT+$M+^)9&CBB[SK8$N015O3%+1#K_LM_N]&/8R6



RU9Y\JQPRLMO'C

S+.


O
M?7QBJEAPV




MQ7-XJIS9T83NSG#B4HM\XN(3

ML]T5:G(=RL[
J

SGX+
MNS




'GT1L7*$YHWD7
2 P[2AXK!WZVITM9::+AU



M
/60]H-]WZOI'#5OGH0H898S4]TV1KS_ @3CVN.\18@YU=*P/7HT9+F\#'

M!2%^#CB)T)8:


 / OGI1-2:<)<E).G$.!$09#HVJBH

M3

!MC/R887
MT/H:\NL:Q)8P8Y42*)8.F/1
69!^$-*?WX]XB'61$%55Y07
9] %7 =0@1OR


G_=:K#I'?V

#IQO);/OF3Z
*/!;=P [A.@AVA4?^/^(C_RJQ


-+ZLGIJ.5YN1+R3
MG?5@2/F\_P&*R-BOZ:%QQB+':.P+G'


M0J/PAR_' SU9]K?G # X. $KP \^XY5P1.BSMYYR19Z:COBF[&/MKXHCI5



% #



19V6#']/8 \*

M;Z[^/^).R%TU0\4RI;@



5N%OQ5'E@
M.WD:2V/!X02XX12.GUXJ#UB



L#^&P]M 
5\(YV@A$8BKFQGS

M](1=NBU0 ^IDZXW/FUN/^C?QA

MTP*!_:;\RW=H!]3!00;5 GYR'%@*29,D@'-1F#8!0V*BNF$'7UOT4
4J!D
MDCBIA[L8^-5J

M9BWR.6BV9)B8DO$U2Z*KI+'\]-=\@Z.(2!?NFR746^\V@ZYD= %\ \1 P-
MB')QP?
!_<+C(](**;6A:LB795!9MD9219&6F_*B.E
MVZ[2C36[BR]YVO@=6@Y@(9H\K)<@2Q7(

M:_G.A5W(QMK5\2]+&\C2!A4B6I8VJ*.TP4R#W&*2)U\W^898*[+6PLYK+:3



M;S*X !E\S47P)2]UNR%TW6[;%%+75LY1&D1_LOWRYXT?$?UW*HTK Q*L#?0W

5WRH+S-G9V4KD?6 .21A*DH0M916GL6G@Z4C\O

M
5C^ \_KPD&4R1BQ^4$W59KU@ZE8PE):] MVH
]$1X/1['B$%7 @8;@@/A[D
M_S-W



M\






M!U=$5%/RQ0E[?*LF@R6N0=_+;&8:EYI




M+- #I^:61A)#.;L5:!#[4CZ+_

\R!H.=0*D)*I


MZIQ*PP%X896SXH(#-

M 8))A
M9-%OX8TXCYT6*R!



U$C*(;$ZYBD\-VB?=CKMDR@


W9)VC$^A-6V[*ML1/Q&CQQG:PG0J&*

B4



L)[..& -T%8/9

MPN%):\JF81#S\]YAGXO]WHR/RQ?&^D(
:35.X9Q1Z 9#O'YH WLS=2?FZQ;L


M


M+G'

P\R%IU'E+(621EB+5OGBM71


CW


\I6_(I9MF6F*/5F;VF7SEH%B'EN+K4V;


MXL?CRI.@4X$.1(,)D *.(C$2R^T'+RH5FI;?IEZ//KKDEB67C62'2I/[PY
MF%V/



M%F?\DCOM

M47\XRE3DB(+X1H085ON1W@


M3#QOWST&S!D


N8.R=2&8+D?]/J:8M)
M4XK$$.3V<C'RC[A72-J.8^=G1UR-:Z7 KV4?5@1RM''Z^3.0F)NN_*/DL0U
MDGB=U*J%Q'7K/Z5*


SO;/*WQ-;9 V
U);(4H:9TF=L63[:R@


.9





M=DD0VR.(8-#UL&2$I

J?#E[N'Y0;J] /MS=
MWF



_L?N_L$#E:G&P#::;PWE5T\!AP3:JAD!/)

M!




+Y!;J']
M- 4NQ.J*M(
G\-

T F
/D
[*AZJ


^9
.Z8=
MXY!I+[.9!]-^9A]9;[7'\S/E5]=_@IW
\QST07?H(R@X


M
@TC:8V=&F^T


P4:(_8;=CUJT8#?G P3[@


MH![X6 D;QI]W1[#3\$._S5 $[U+



=6D.FV&QER93JA0



M!ZZ


NA92!V3

:C;E#\^CD++3
9_=QMGVC6! ^KT;-C2LR'Y7[HVI)D@
MD2N1*Y$K71M[3/D]=VWHI^8JAF(I(-4[-R@8Y7 ''4H9^),GMT?D\V+U54&

MQ0%2HV^VNFJ.TDJ2&G50X]C0:B''_E6

M830WC]G3=








]@/9D/LD]?G(+:T1+A$^$)$,D-33\T
M&V3OSI;_?HA\^]N+[X*2$_Y-N?QKXD13Y?B#!W;(9X]_?BY3(K*H+]BA6*Z



/(4Z*=X-%4I\I7H

\VP$C]-H;XH.1




M@^@%$:S^ H5TS]!*+G6.2?E?C344

M^74MF1;[V/5B=T%K


)-=[_=ZK:-=5.5

M:_6
[B[EQB'4'4@9\=P/J;?YV?
M))FK)'-+[6LM55
EH0^;T!OJ3#NB?D


M:_?5;JO3:XB+45KZ[T@?EQB4&#PL#$K)T@RJ'JRE?T.B! 1VT?[IV/7#\*/R

W_Y




MUH?]:H/V8#G(82$!D3$


J$NBP

6#478'0$8BW



M(
@F+W*&#AU?(&=*)&RZ\ ;X+M+.NBKLYNO
3)7UGX^XLAY#Q[MNF!7W:2[+
V;/3GIXRUNQ


M

#5= S)TX36T

44

*C=%3W]$BGQ7'3\9%
9I9!CJ

M

MA
S


M*!;(J._PAJ;_ $OV)N*HP$7DH)S5]2BSAJC
GONCD7-X*NRUAR((SCNZTR@G



M _L'

#RG&CJ_5 2&1F\&-N?CZX?X0Q



M-;T[B;P#5T8%RL!=0
:6
UC8[U3RW5*^

MLNS?D2G5@$

M7K8R@]3?:M7?T@I






MN#5P5D_?H=1MM'V3^^AG(;]Q830WC]G3=
:K?BHQJ[35Z^UG-?PR;ISE7'(N


[JD'*8_N




]@/9D/L
MD]?G(+:T1+A$^$)$,D-33\T&V3OSI;_?HA\^]N+[X*2$_Y-N?QKXD13Y?B

U]:X8YX%!GB9NZEW;8J0I2

M0 BVGO%'

MZO:U\($KQ[

ML$)U$3W&



EW4I9

!:?' ^4::E7-FW(INN5


M%=F:0*S-U[&N];/DRLWD1K_3:_6
[B[EQB'4'4@9\=P/J;?YV?
MNTIJ0$@9LUL]7O+^?E^K+A))FK)'-+[6LM55
EH0^;T!OJ3#NB?D












=W6M6RT\


M02;BJ/ U2D4'Y@C#R8@

M8TUII[]'G\


V8(/$1


NJM\GS47OU2 H4VXN-6L?\





K%@1W:01

.(2Z2A$X1P
M0ENP3. T.A=[C* X@74)3-Z-
 


2X67U
#TX5$4&Q.96^S=_AFCR\
MQ(;](# _P[L0L_3#]3]02?]T&X9\!'%'HJ[*;$

M+#)X1K.&9BVITN%'IK^&ON(NK%&8_AV3-O\!O
XO+7=LR5
2_&T%$$Q/ =
M



'X

4&
M%#]]^OX4N
YG_!?^_/\!

M$+L1W*V66C?=)J(
)T

X1P.N*R
VY[^@
;;(.;HA
MC-C8Y?8OZ!LV/4'AU]0D-NIS:V$2ET!#T-
Y^GC2[LZ0HE30^XTP@]L/TU&L


5R[Z:X6I E
G 1F^JQ
MW&:AK #8(,CEUODM)=:)^1,+!).)ZEBAS4VPRY
=FPJ!C'IXY/K*'RN8+]/
MP:'[ZEJ?A#)B$HLP]YK;UH#

)IX
MF#'N^E(A1= 6PH3$ A_N1 C]5P@HX'_2/R A6CG[H5\$R:X)WSM,6/(7.JN
MQ&RW+5^V@:AQV9!R+/ 2-\P@\PIH[[UX9K21@J*Q-
_
3-0H NEE%TT\VI2
MRCV'&!/VJ_][81
'U/AMT (!4.6-4(Z-G7/W$XF,:54)1$@+P51%?8%
N-
 $K6@0$T=_@KAO\<VN/Y$7& Q2[#(


GQ
M3O
MC374Z_<G#V-M-+Y!]Y/;47\T5&L,RS&$V:#NYG#:HXFQ:3=RF/2GXS[P[$V



CD*87-IL:DX/L.@/B8FHZ8VR+(OD+
MV6;W*<C*,2WF_EOL0F%?*.ZLQKW2<Y!R?#?PR'$LJ16DGY/46.U?8RY'K3*W
M'+]J4%2@Z[!W*TN70Z@E$
.6J$6D:E;US =!J:2MS:JL\L!+)0O-@)8O[RQ

#NSEG

8%_+V&10U=234GE\@H?2A4&.-68U4!*_^31U'4FF*7K(6K



-1


$/2._Z]2W 5'GV6\AZ['R!F
E_@PC









W2:US4<YR= ]$
M#4WZ4((3HE.Z(NP)^O!IZC^RN^LG-YBSI75C8*5KXCF9S- -S<2R2WXVE
MG7)+WV%


M



M;6SM7=USV[@1?^]





M0WLAUS+





M!-S8:N&'Q

MI
YS(75T($$JZZZ#A.$1_%V@( \Q 3OWMOUPMK]_[01\S(?9%
*TD(.V5/G_

D:$.



J*K*GEO9$OW


O+Q

ME$ L6JM=AJR]Z7BKK;1JP-;I!]8!=R2*?1Y_!(5!@JQ51F ZZ&IK2 '9.A7U

M_?BIADBPD)81F



M G?A&%X4XHPS?9UPGDLV)A*&EOVJ6KM5.-U+HT8^-PPNO-J62%3@1-33*^
MA/P-0BE_YQ)P4ZBZ$O N;&UZKDN%OV-355BMLZ@+''TC'!0_6_22G2OV!%&N
M(A6=Z:FOJRP]_-:IC3LUPEB2]YR3*C]0;FEZ(:^K&AE&ZY0QC_ ==+4C @
M6

M&Q'

%(P+!\K))6FNIZ)WQE54B=8ZW62HT@?01I6+!6%C:W*[
H(=S8C6
M%%;N9^E#DANE=2O3

M!)UB
.=E033O
M7DHT]NZ4EU^=69# SYH;Y;P;E/9C-'9P/B!VW_D@L+/'*V!T&&:.M^O&_IVB
M0JQ.'_\/D_6=<TT%[18DKV[?='3C7AZWR?I[V&X?4RKTO049!9$UN<I3TLL

Y

MOT3IOXF

M2B:7$(^=@^J'C*UY ?EDF7N^JK*T245JZ99FA2++15!ZXK'.ALLSK]:C\9KD

M


OYAE6WDG:0%%
M9Q?%:-(=S]!E]TOW;#3@

&IG.E:0'3N[*#NK@8IE


M=(

M\
W TZ@QUNK


M H .MF1'NNO]L=XY MS/7LJ]F0X1!S$0F1!?I44DM0:PPAD!&X'@L&4_RY#W

I O^QP(S )_\#4$L#!!0    ( 'B9(4GY2S6NNQ4
M !M9 0 5    :&ES<TR
#$V
#4S



M?.NGZPQLXM/#Y9=LTD!0--T$IPE&9(K[+EIUBE$CE@OJ_UBI9BW[4:A^W
M3MKOGA/_8,53INP8AVB$9@[]3=K5NM9E6P@\JMD4Q5$FDQNV?!0&]P]ITL*S
M%J$T7J;P#FG^0T+W8HZBM!/YO2@-TA?*?3S/\A*,684/,9J16DCQ+=J6CDZ7
M4OU))6_Z\DCZ8!+0+G3@'+X=D',WI+R,'Q!*$YGDW,1Z1+UQ8Z+!Y22)&$M
MN;DY=P:C@N(LI\,9\-'.G223%+%BW-I$;[[X$;W*.E'XQ1[WQ]PZ)-1OO?;
M@K3GS0+O(!


M[0S  *=H)8A
:%[:'0Z)Y7E&/@1.78X*LSGP;+WD/4SZ?5TC(SH\(XIY!U
MAQW1PW









MM9V6L\K%_NE&OK

C?ZV6$DV=V5KE-P

MQ


NN+L%






KO-O3F
Q





MX1H

MV]Y ^TC+BQQ4P/*QVN
)FIXSZ?Q;L^AJL8
*8#Z5P0PGO_1&SJAWU9GT+DBW



M@X#%A5@5%8)[,!G!A))(*,G
I*H=+!3





J8 P]Y@X



MFT4L()GZ[9
7R[.:*QS=$XGG]/9JSC;!:1)\$ DJ;7B+(3MT-[2%3$ I*I

-4#) Z7#6\?^[*(76X$6U;; :

ZD%$FP7^DU*._-XM8/MFGA 8AD[
MDD5.K_+@8


Y@=W


HJ..:KH!*%K[8*







M /&E]^ID=K$M\/.+O%*BN
DM80B6':)&[^NY_8@:.W'\(HQCR::RA(B*R)#^

T4%R][6LAM2I&6Q\=QA:GBIK2 &%-S0T\8ZPYZE


 &*#A.C=






(5QXE0A84TTT]FJ[$J
M+&@9:EB5DVY'J

%_-S'
?X1Q#=
M=]U'\HW8%4Z]E&E;TYF.^H/5M=% [.J^VU#%D3LJ;\DM5(J=W(K1F+D3X.)@



^#-$*0'_Z[@6.X8_'9^^.7Y[^NV7




TD]:=%[D.



M]OB.[[I51?





MO_HJ+:AFO=[[[
QGEH!J/.3.-^_]JP T[$Z0(!@7U-

F?:/FBEZ_56F72TGM_&:%;JO<].;8QJ

\!VB


MI
@4O%-M#
HAWTI1TLKB.E3AEG

F*TG?EPL*LU
MK]=!%
Z2:;-L4



_T&R9-K=F[3?5WJCW8IWNIC$[H3D([WUV

'F\9BX

9EK.2AU%[]]



HY(G*9@7=Z*(X



Q!1!HY,AU9&@W53PRI#*&-W2;9D64W)7O



QI9UWMQ2KC#_3A!$ 63
M3.B4^W+5^KO:GN
J_ED#NP%VG.E(^F&
 %7.ET8


:FWR








M@







LE9UZ

JU'/JK#31S+6CX KS;:T
;U60D*DS;8@YY.HXJ/FI/?V LQ3(L0:(JZLD

M:OH--9#23@'32+=VB[;:A\5+.YZ(=@SE:@7?=.L#-U&ME$9-LQY$(\6JC7WL

M*%XV:?VU/I-*4:0L
KMH_A
NCP&O)15&SVR/5





85




MQ/=\^)I\Q(U)A^\YT


J[5J.62
)95Z%+(H()F=K+#.608E^+V)RSE.-\(
M\Y3*VR(XF/=W&MW=

H#]1 M=


MH03L[-7#MJ-QK?1RC.P3F:PJ P&1]=6S-;XOCL9:U&86MPQ^



M$K&/AG'5&#5&
KH-'ODV./L*C^^' -O;(\K6LS7D_ ?N](([#,+[/$; ;2



O30@%

M2H1KH4MIR_P&0

MG

X^IO21


M9

M2L#ZD:01,-B+3S1 V6+ZN,E2-
TSDIWU/FB.;KBSI# 













M3O)\MU&GQ)5*NB2I!FJ7CA(Q-





B8(Z V1 :=)S&




M&FZC((S0^Q$12G$T_#)C5.9W(ZT*.@
HJ9;)Y.E5/--
:]9T\IB)9F.ZKF[G


MC2II=9^)2I=ID-37'SLO&JILCJ6.
QK9PF](9%+ 02%+E$


M:%B^-_0AU]]/%K





MR:CE-*;
K@J]




MYA9=0(A('9

M_


=9\X(S;0
8
MCDBZ*W(V*$


P!4

 I5+6 7-9UV+T2[C#
7A#$PR4-.B%&

!X&&1 *QJCZC-4[NJ89

MSXYQ-[*KB^AC1R7+(KVUP2!R7$#30U
12R'K+SRN%*TO#V!;'%KNE OIAK

TL7:<9?%5=561!S.;A5('L4&LB@&<@*8 (_2C&2
!@I*IB=JP<:K\ 9BH@:]EYE-&$WJ5%!)X;3JJ6
ME9FL5MF.7PS@XT;1Z'KDZ#:ZNBX*55$2TL=6LFN-TCQP+9=PJ?QJ-+ 0\DV

S 09$G&A


7M96QY
MH]L+LP$K.&-@

BDYCE2RJ
 @5DFC@6:FLH(I



MNFAE67OR_N8O6SUO-41QF8.34?'M@Q:LH+]ER\GW%%?@+QW:=T6UYOLG^
MM8EVFT$]=((NV&$&K102WFW-$9HDLPPE1Q;&G-!C&:EN]/?)%!K[QZ
/BV0
MEH'CY$93/;O#&TD!N
V4'?@7=\Y8GI)&J^MZ&$;
R]P&=FVB5O;'4E.%U/14




M-;927;K9ZJ+AWTC XO
L;%ZJ%([()DV*^QC).QC
[!99LIV03Q?QM%=H+%J
MEG'1\MJN(





4^(T3]Y')
$R
M@\O?HH4]\BC9

^4VOP) ]6NDO:'KA)NAP_4-%H/(+#UD?8P*E+
M)V7Q?)D%I9!^

MXH)/#^*]--[5@,FL/]*\^_@FUH[-%$8T?+B)]X40-H?+W42^( UY+8IOKS

MOK#0&1=Q?9;.^/:+QJ-6[T,CLIE,.PC8;KR:'TJT'/IGG[(,@.Z6F0M-)[

M.JO*E-4H*KHFX/S+-BKG.\U3
E::+DD^HBI=%ENHH;'B]E@%!Z410I3)L?L:





%1VIK236B/J^-9X#Y XU:#I




M

MF+(^\8=UP]I&N8?LC27Y_212N*;0 PX);M0X6Y5D!S4C)M/S]@3'9#LXZD
MTWCG
Z)1(D

M;?%6#)\]T8&4'0J68J]+OI

M



HPZA.6CU#WSM']

Y#:C



7A?QC-
'196U6 [Q'9@D8_SO??;U!7:V5)
M, S]HGL1U_J,%8WX'.-7_$7_RT'KK*:FNA0




M/9HVK]_BL#6+( ZR


+2S
,
MM9C'IKZ!_7AP.A4M/?B.JZ'EX,0S02;%'6MTVY4J0Z*5QM4'-EMMRM]&IWS

*;3GS.=LZO@*+JG#W1B\'6

M?
/5J*P8:NN=GF1;MYQ=]RGNS=V;^JM]V W+2S5.O[4?PO;[DHA:^$A+%4+
MO_'2PD_(T^6_G4W(E '9E:O5)CW 4
QR_

M(_
J@\#O


G*_7%&9+0QK9406@[3U;W

M%



MJ4PMC;W-"5G53J]/K*W]S6#/.F)C#\IVGEOD[MNZHEOQI(EVUV6LCZKL]

M9G^6E+\&&]\24RZSY$=^@LXZ&Q_MJVN3^D&9V_0#3=C8B:^#K&#_4&WTV*@B

38P-3
Q7W!R92YX;6SM75MWVSB2?M]S]C]P
M



MM[.3WJP_'+ZQXL0.7-L/ _*7-T'XYG__Y]__S:+__?@?)R?6E4=\]Y-U&3HG
MPV 1_MD:V2ORR?I

M]/S..CD!]/N%!&X8W4Z'FW[OD^3AT[MW7[]^?1N$C_;7
/HU?NN$L.YF81HY

_AW%
%V1(.D%[B!(O.29 1JM
EK*8_;!^X@LZ%=H


U
MBNZ
@'4.0/JBNB$*S*WG]3#YC1]L6&.Z=8638E/=SZ7;G7)\SRB6F8[H49
U27+=U^C-BKNDQ!:%$PHG72U^X(@_6[/]#3 \QA85\8&3UKD-$S
MDQOS?W_!0G(PDN*<6ELTF)B(ZQD=UK
WIE2Z[\&-S)Z$PSI+HP 4AR'.%W&
M:G5F[) 'G'D*
F

MKV 6SL9E7[XU:T]*D

MFOY@AX0\)81.='?=$1MW^\$3]
?L
T4DS*EU8JVIRG^U ]?*N[#*?13
K=GS


?+AY/UI$0CS)_JC7_(Q3


E*5+A_#B$/0S[X8_I$KU]#?R+

MH-#/
 F=QZ-)64_H'A!2#EP6
2D7^EY3H/3/


MR+YY3)A9#D:DU!B*!\K#N(!U#AH_OJMP=TU_8-)GSD^]VW&2GUDGUN8*BOY]








&
MEP@.!

T
\OWP*Y/\51A=ANE=LDC]:G26QHTAO+






G;+_

DCC.#_8K(0LFK+4V[D.JB(N(9!R(W=O0K85RQ
XN.L;7E:L.MQ*04IFK

M/+==2UQ.WL?%Z+0=C
M6F4=B:ZQ54'C:
QO;KQ0R$&+(N[3\) 90B16FX25AL;+@\BENU^2C\NF_MKW
M
5_[ K)DM_WF5[\122#KWEXSX\4F=+#CLMCU76N=!+8.%6%O #MT9;GT_#21
MW?

I;66^MZ*Y6O!44CEV.2H[:#$
M0A6=#.E?99$'G+;(@-F95B($2L
OF]D84

M!X-&3TH9%.^_+8!@/_EEEM[%3N0]L.]OT^N%(# :.8GIF$
M -3L8-*8_8I$




M8#J]IA'M[!R4^0S






ZE;DKU[([T&QOJT=
MC'7@  ;W=O1]ELTR
7-(8-/S!G!#VFV.;


1]?I2%/ H]%]5(Z&?%Y76AD/GJJ#


=3NNO+#



M
VDXTL1NM11&%GNJT'&BE

MC[BPA51.^&!5.'



M-'+G@&+]T



@T
MP5%Y
7UX\+

%=M?9Z@


M_EI4$QA'V3WFG4]&*2OW




K






M#T:&O?X2SG2.6IK=&'ZK4CE2D*M2KQ_#VEL+9\[CE_JBZX:&E^(D^1K]?=4M
M0G5Z8
U[_S2JP)N!ZWE&)$08PG0U/2

M#_MJ-I[_-)A:T\%U;SZXI$?!Z?QG:S[MC6:]OO'+N]=Y*A0-3DLGM3KIYNFQ

MZTNP&TH]2^]B\EM*OSAX%%[:GU4B96:W%[/!WV_IN=4:?#%\=;_/ B174D1A

M]BJ]ZLZ
CJ-=5


M9[\=N&H3%ESXC.( 84:6[.)AXY/(9PQ8C8#DT1(-)!IB04'D@,[NA(X_4S
MZ& 
E82FWY[61@\HARX;:XEP()*4P_/JV-E(IY'!#Q7Y@=K^VE89:#XCV2










M4-
=J

M5& 6CEGD


#^ ^%


KI=+3#6S\8ISD5*9]E'I(


M33TT)/SB &1O/RV&RQ(;+^F2'2PG)/)%VQ9.E-E^$\R
I02 4[DED^@\UF


MW;[-%8!PO






M

UE/9B]PO ?;A\X)




M;QQ+?-6]H]WMPK1=ULPLT);9ZR^'

M?Z
9CNA6

MC3K0]T9%357(3::

MG6S/6:ECF?5UKK^-CU9KL4!MB&49WK#2F10=7=)%9M!LCDG#ML4KH'%9L1







MP_8 %-$]Y:XK

QW8R6^L&
O'B^FY($5


M5EK=?@SJX8@DN5W!3A+
+'38A)Z'GTG ;D[8S*9_D;AGP!T87F7K8;NGN)K2


MU+Y#:(A8P%& ICHZ50$:





2)A![3O;$73PE#J$#9F]+

M5
9?;M);UM0P %5J8:*?('2?K*E-4^[@*%
LX]9T*U



M^6=%6.]#G\HLSLNZ2B[#.6VA:+1V+H








N*ZCH*BRU)+HOU
@
HU@JOKTVII-9H2+DLM:2&.?]GE2$I=\;


M8Z**LU%3&K=L]'R_4%'@6%W7@\N#^#.9LE?/EH'W.W&'+F7$6WA9J82LOD;!


M\\0PX)AR+(+NJ^=+WD+=MC!N$NK!N
\:#H%GSPSJIUPFIJ^)]$0
@L#BRR


MM-;1[/QX-#L&WAP#;[!@T?7 FV
B\3&1^)A(W&!03GO7^G_L1.)-3L4U86].
M3]GVET?GWW@!NP!G/[%]R=H%[Z$KX0Z,NG^+)C9OAWE99;^82]E7JQJ2],*
MK).FRF52ZZ*J^ W[WQV='/0G_P]02P$% 

#$V
#4S

M
#$V
#4S


38P-3
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !X


