

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001072613-15-000376
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150814
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150813
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFEWAY FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				363442829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17363
		FILM NUMBER:		151052332
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7089671010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6431 W OAKTON
		CITY:			MORTON GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60053






 2014



    












Washington
 D.C. 20549





















For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014


























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.






























6431 West Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 Illinois 60053





(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code)

















Common Stock
 No Par Value














Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 





Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160; 
















Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&#160;


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



























The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was last sold as of June 30
 2015 ($19.19 per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market) was $91
167
353.


As of July 28
 2015
 16
346
017 shares of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 no par value
 were outstanding.
























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
































































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities






























































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance






















































































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



























































In connection with the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 readers of this document and any document incorporated by reference herein
 are advised that this document and documents incorporated by reference into this document contain both statements of historical facts and forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements. Examples of forward looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 (i) projections of revenues
 income or loss
 earnings or losses per share
 capital expenditures
 dividends
 capital structure and other financial items
 (ii) statements of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.&#8217;s (&#8220;Lifeway&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) plans and objectives
 including the introduction of new products
 or estimates or predictions of actions by customers
 suppliers
 competitors or regulatory authorities
 (iii) statements of future economic performance
 and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying other statements and statements about Lifeway or its business.














































































































the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1
 &#8220;Business&#8221;
 Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7
 &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;.






These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports required to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) pursuant to the SEC's rules
 we have no duty to update these statements
 and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.








































Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Lifeway&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation
 commenced operations in February 1986
 and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Illinois on May 19
 1986. The Company&#8217;s principal business activity is the manufacturing of probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. Lifeway&#8217;s primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to kefir
 Lifeway manufactures &#8220;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#8221; a line of various farmer cheeses. Lifeway distributes its products throughout the United States and in London
 England. The Company manufactures all of its products distributed in the United States at Company-owned facilities. In the Chicago metropolitan area
The Company distributes its products throughout the remainder of the United States via distributors. The Company&#8217;s products distributed in London are manufactured and shipped to stores by a third party co-packer. Products sold by the Company to distributors in the United States may be resold by such distributors within or outside of the United States
 including in Mexico
 Costa Rica and the Caribbean. The Company&#8217;s products are also manufactured and distributed in Canada by a third party co-packer.





On August 3
 2006
 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Helios Nutrition
 Ltd. (&#8220;Helios&#8221;). Pride of Main Street Dairy
 L.L.C.
 a Minnesota limited liability company
 is 100% owned by Helios.


Starfruit
 L.L.C. and Starfruit Franchisor
 L.L.C. are both wholly-owned subsidiaries formed on March 26
 2007 and July 15
 2008
 respectively
 in connection with the Company&#8217;s Starfruit cafe activities.


On February 6
 2009
 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Fresh Made
 Inc.
 a Pennsylvania corporation (&#8220;Fresh Made&#8221;).


On October 14
 2010
 Lifeway First Juice
 Inc.
 an Illinois corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&#8220;Lifeway First Juice&#8221;) acquired substantially all of the assets of First Juice
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;First Juice&#8221;). Lifeway First Juice was dissolved on February 10
 2012 and First Juice was dissolved on December 29
 2011.


On July 2
 2013
 the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 an Illinois corporation (&#8220;Lifeway Wisconsin&#8221;) acquired certain assets of Golden Guernsey Dairy Limited Liability Company
 a Wisconsin limited liability company (&#8220;Golden Guernsey&#8221;)
 including land
 a building and equipment used in the milk separation process.





The Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois that sell the Company&#8217;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments
 has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States
 delivery by a third-party co-packer in London and Canada
 and through delivery by U.S. distributors in Mexico
 Costa Rica and the Caribbean. The Company had less than $1 million in revenues attributable to its retail locations during the year ended December 31
 2014
 2013 or 2012.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s annual revenues attributable to its three retail locations are considered not to be material and accordingly the Company has not presented financial information separately for this segment. Substantially all of the consolidated revenues and assets of the Company are within the Unites States.























Lifeway&#8217;s primary product is kefir
 which
 like the better-known product of yogurt
 is a fermented dairy product. Kefir has a slightly effervescent quality
 with a taste similar to yogurt and a consistency similar to buttermilk. It is a product distinct from yogurt because it incorporates the unique microorganisms of kefir as the cultures to ferment the milk. Lifeway&#8217;s Kefir is intended for use as a breakfast meal or a snack
 or as a base for lower-calorie dressings
 dips
 soups or sauces. Kefir contains a unique mixture of several live microorganisms and nutrients such as proteins
 minerals and vitamins. Kefir is a good source of calcium
 protein and B Vitamins. In addition
 because the fermentation process does not produce a highly sour-tasting product
 the end product has fewer calories than some similar products in the dairy category. Lifeway currently sells (1) drinkable kefir in bottles
 (2) ProBugs
 drinkable kefir in pouches marketed to children
 and (3) frozen kefir. In addition to kefir
 Lifeway produces cheese based on a cultured soft cheese.
































110
297
098







90
441
363







73
003
926









10
266
319





9
388
067





9
777
033









7
867
980





7
126
630





4
628
990









1
784
319





2
010
034





2
344
058











130
215
716







108
966
094







89
754
007














With its seventeen Company-owned trucks
 Lifeway distributes its products directly and extensively in the State of Illinois
 primarily in the Chicago metropolitan area. Lifeway also directly distributes its products in the Philadelphia and Tri State metropolitan area.


In addition to the Chicago
 Philadelphia and Tri State metropolitan areas
 Lifeway&#8217;s products are distributed to stores throughout the United States
 in London
 England and in Canada. Substantially all of Lifeway&#8217;s products are distributed within the United States. Lifeway has verbal distribution arrangements with various distributors throughout the United States. Lifeway believes these verbal distribution arrangements allow management the necessary latitude to expand into new areas and markets and establish new relationships with distributors on an ongoing basis. Products sold by the Company to distributors in the United States may be resold by such distributors within or outside of the United States. Certain distributors resell the Company&#8217;s products in Mexico
 Costa Rica and the Caribbean. The Company&#8217;s products distributed in London and Canada are manufactured and shipped to stores by a third party co-packer. Lifeway has not offered any exclusive territories to any distributors.


Distributors are provided Lifeway products at wholesale prices for distribution to their retail accounts. Lifeway believes that the price at which its products are sold to its distributors is competitive with the prices generally paid by distributors for similar products in the markets served. In all areas served
 distributors currently deliver the products directly to the refrigerated cases of dairy sections of their retail customers. Each distributor carries a line of Lifeway&#8217;s products on its trucks
 checks the retail stores for space allocated to Lifeway&#8217;s products
 determines inventory requirements of the store and places Lifeway products directly into the retailers&#8217; dairy cases. Lifeway believes this method of distribution best serves the needs of each retail store
 and is the best available means to ensure consistency and quality of product handling
 quality control
 flavor selection and favorable retail display. The Company expects customers
 either distributors who go into third party retail stores to sell the product they have purchased from us
 or the direct retail customer that may service their own stores
 as general good business practice to rotate the perishable products
 make or obtain frequent delivery of products
 replace damaged
 old or substandard packages and have deliveries made directly to the refrigerated case. It is to the benefit of the distributor or retailer
 as well as the Company
 not to have spoiled
 out dated
 or substandard product on the shelf. Due to the perishable nature of the product
 the Company&#8217;s distributors and retailers have no right to return any product to the Company.




















Lifeway continues to promote the verifiable nutritional profile
 purity and good taste of its kefir and kefir-based products. Lifeway primarily advertises its products through local radio stations
 which advertisements are directed to both users and non-users of cultured milk products of all kinds. In addition
 through newspaper and magazine advertising
 Lifeway provides educational information on its products and promotes the common perception that the products may be of particular health benefit
 including promoting digestion
 and continues to educate the public on the possible health benefits which could be derived from the use of kefir and kefir-based products.


In addition to local radio stations
 newspapers and magazines
 Lifeway promotes further exposure of its products through the internet (via our website
 social media and blogs)
 catalog advertising and in-store demonstrations
 and participation in various trade shows. Lifeway also sponsors several different sporting events in the Chicago metropolitan area as an additional marketing tool.





Although Lifeway faces a small amount of direct competition for kefir products
 Lifeway&#8217;s kefir-based products compete with all other yogurt and other dairy products. Many producers of yogurt and other dairy products are well-established and have significantly greater financial resources than Lifeway to promote their products.





Lifeway purchases its raw materials
 such as milk
 sugar and fruit from unaffiliated suppliers
 and is not limited or contractually bound to any supplier. Lifeway has ready access to multiple suppliers for all of its raw materials and packaging requirements. Prior to making any purchase
 Lifeway determines which supplier can offer the lowest price for the highest quality of product. The raw and packaging materials purchased by Lifeway are considered commodity items and are widely available on the open market. Lifeway owns and operates the means of production of all of its products except that the Company has a co-packer that produces products for distribution in London
 England and in Canada.





The Company&#8217;s sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry located within the United States of America. Two major customers collectively accounted for approximately 28% of gross sales for the year ended December 31
 2014. These customers accounted for approximately 23% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014. In 2014
 one distributor
 United Natural Foods
 Inc.
 represented approximately 21% of the Company&#8217;s total sales and one retail customer represented approximately 7% of the Company&#8217;s total sales.





On October 1
 1999
 Lifeway and certain members of the Smolyansky family sold shares of restricted common stock to Danone. Later in 1999
 Danone purchased additional shares of common stock from certain individuals
 including shares purchased in transactions with certain Company affiliates
 including Lifeway&#8217;s founder Michael Smolyansky
 Val Nikolenko
 former Vice President of Production
 and Pol Sikar
 a director
 and his affiliates. As a result of these transactions
 Danone became the beneficial owner of approximately 20% of the outstanding common stock of Lifeway. In addition&#160;&#160;Lifeway and Danone are parties to a Stockholders&#8217; Agreement dated October 1
 1999
 as amended through extensions of certain provisions pursuant to which the parties agreed
 among other things
 that they would not compete with each other with respect to certain kefir products. Pursuant to the Stockholders&#8217; Agreement
 Lifeway also granted certain limited rights to Danone
 which include a right to nominate one director
 anti-dilutive rights relating to future offerings and limited registration rights. The Stockholders&#8217; Agreement also provides that Danone may not own more than 20% of the outstanding common stock of Lifeway as a result of direct or indirect acquisition of shares during the standstill period. Danone&#8217;s interest as of December 31
 2014 was approximately 21.1% due to reductions in Lifeway&#8217;s shares outstanding
 primarily due to share repurchases by Lifeway. The terms of the non-compete obligation and the standstill period each expired on December 31
 2010. The remaining provisions of the Stockholders&#8217; Agreement are in full force and effect.
















PATENTS
 TRADEMARKS
 LICENSES
 ROYALTY AGREEMENTS


All trademark registrations have been granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (&#8220;USPTO&#8221;)
 unless otherwise noted below. Each trademark registration may be renewed upon expiration. Lifeway intends to make all timely filings as required for all trademarks listed.





















ProBug Design 1








July 17
 2007


July 17
 2017



ProBug Design 2








July 10
 2007


July 10
 2017



Penelope ProBug Design
 







April 8
 2008


April 8
 2018





Cyrillic characters)
 Reg. No. 



cultured milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt; cheeses and cottage cheese


March 17
 2009


March 17
 2019








BAMBINO




cheeses
 cottage cheeses and other dairy products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk
 and frozen yogurt


October 7
 2003


October 7
 2023



BAZARNY




cultured milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt; cheeses and cottage cheese


March 31
 2009


March 31
 2019



BIO KEFIR




yogurt
 cheeses
 cottage cheeses and other milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


December 7
 2010


December 7
 2020



GOO-BERRY PIE







April 1
 2008


April 1
 2018








HELIOS NUTRITION




health foods
 functional foods and medical foods
 namely
 dairy products excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


October 5
 1999


October 5
 2019



KOROVKA







November 6
 2001


November 6
 2021






characters-means &#8220;peasant&#8221;)




cheeses
 cottage cheeses and other milk products excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


September 8
 1998


September 8
 2018



























KWASHENKA




kefir
 yogurt
 cheeses
 cottage cheeses and other milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


February 10
 1998


February 10
 2018



LA FRUTA




cultured milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


March 29
 2005


September 29
 2015









LIFEWAY







December 12
 1989


December 12
 2019



ORANGE CREAMY CRAWLER







July 10
 2007


July 10
 2017







PHYTOBOOST







June 21
 2011


June 21
 2021



PLAYGROUP PACK







June 9
 2009


June 9
 2019



PRIDE OF MAIN STREET
 MN






November 9
 1987


November 9
 2017







PRO2O




dairy-based beverages; dairy-based food beverages; kefir; soy-based food beverage used as a milk substitute beverages
 namely
 water and fruit and vegetable juices and fruit juices flavored with tea


October 16
 2012


October 16
 2022


























PROBUGS







July 10
 2007


July 10
 2017



STARFRUIT




franchise services
 namely
 offering technical and business management assistance in the establishment and operation of restaurants


October 7
 2008


October 7
 2018



STARFRUIT







June 24
 2008


June 24
 2018







STARFRUIT (Stylized)
 






November 23
 2010


November 23
 2020



SUBLIME SLIME LIME







July 10
 2007


July 10
 2017



SWEET KISS




cheeses
 cottage cheeses and other milk products
 excluding ice cream
 ice milk and frozen yogurt


February 10
 1998


February 10
 2018







Lifeway also claims common law rights to
 the following unregistered trademarks: &#8220;Elita
&#8221; &#8220;Healthy Foods Today for a Better Life Tomorrow
&#8221; &#8220;Milkshake Smoothie
&#8221; &#8220;White Cheese
&#8221; &#8220;Drink It to Be Beautiful Inside and Out
&#8221; &#8220;Golden Zesta&#8221; and &#8220;Pride of Main Street.&#8221;





Lifeway is subject to regulation by federal
 state and local governmental authorities regarding the distribution and sale of food products. Although Lifeway believes that it currently has all material government permits
 licenses
 qualifications and approvals for its operations
 there can be no assurance that Lifeway will be able to maintain its existing licenses and permits or to obtain any future licenses
 permits
 qualifications or approvals which may be required for the operation of Lifeway&#8217;s business.








Lifeway continues its program of new product development
 centered around the nutritional and &#8220;low calorie&#8221; features of its proprietary kefir formulas.


Lifeway conducts primarily all of its research internally
 but at times will employ the services of an outside testing facility. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the amount Lifeway expended for research and new product development was not material to the financial position of Lifeway and no amount was customer supported.

























Lifeway currently employs approximately 360 employees
 all of whom are full-time employees and approximately 320 of whom are engaged in the manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. None of Lifeway&#8217;s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Company only has distributor relationships with third party distributors. No distributors are considered to be employees. Company-owned vehicles are used by Company employees for local same day deliveries only and revenue is recognized on the date of delivery to the end retail customers. Drivers of those vehicles are employees of the Company and all payroll
 withholdings
 and income taxes are accounted for in the same manner.





The Company maintains a corporate website for investors at www.lifeway.net and it makes available
 free of charge
 through this website its annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports that the Company files with or furnishes to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;)
 as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with
 or furnishes it to
 the SEC. Information on the Company&#8217;s website is not part of this report.






In evaluating and understanding us and our business
 you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; contained in Part II
 Item 7 and &#8220;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&#8221; contained in Part II
 Item 7A. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

Our product categories face a high level of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and results of operations.

We face significant competition in each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. We believe that our brands have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories
 and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded products
 as well as from private label competitors. Some of our competitors
 such as Groupe Danone
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Kraft Foods Group
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A.
 Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. and Dole Food Company
 Inc. have substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and others may be able to introduce innovative products more quickly or market their products more successfully than we can
 which could cause our growth rate in certain categories to be slower than we have forecasted and could cause us to lose sales.

We also compete
 particularly in our premium dairy and organic greens and produce categories
 with producers of non-organic products
 which usually have lower production costs. As a result
 non-organic producers may be able to offer conventional products to customers at lower costs than organic products. This could cause us to lower our prices
 resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
 private label competitors are generally able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have lower marketing costs than their branded counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private label offerings in the industry
 demand for our products and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted.

Additionally
 due to high levels of competition in our product categories
 certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our products or may become more resistant to price increases for our products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on our results of operations.


















We believe that our future success depends
 in part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of leveraging our existing brands and products to drive increased sales. Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:





















































































We may not be able to implement this growth strategy successfully
 and our sales and income growth rates may not be sustainable over time. Our sales and results of operations will be negatively affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful.

If we fail to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences
 demand for our products could decline.












dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages;













concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals;













concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people; and













increasing awareness of the environmental and social effects of product production. If consumer demand for our products declines
 our sales volumes and our business could be negatively affected.




We are subject to the risk of product contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial costs.

The sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties
 misbranding
 product contamination or spoilage
 including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our products cause injury
 illness
 or death.

In addition
 our product advertising could make us the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws
 including the consumer protection statutes of some states
 or laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. Lifeway is from time to time engaged in such litigation matters none of which presently is expected to have a material adverse effect on its business results or operations.















A significant product liability
 consumer fraud
 or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall would negatively impact our profitability. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. Even if a product liability
 consumer fraud
 or other claim is found to be without merit or is otherwise unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image
 particularly in categories that are promoted as having strong health and wellness credentials. Any loss of consumer confidence in our product ingredients or in the safety and quality of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome.



Two of our customers together accounted for 28% of our net sales and 23% of accounts receivables in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014. We do not generally enter into written agreements with our customers
 and where such agreements exist
 they are generally terminable at will by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts based on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the loss of business for contracts we lose. The loss of any large customer for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully complete strategic acquisitions
 establish joint ventures
 or integrate brands that we acquire.

We have grown and intend to continue to grow our business in part through the acquisition of new brands and the establishment of joint ventures in the United States
 in Europe
 and globally. We cannot be certain that we will successfully be able to:










identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners and accurately assess their value
 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;














































Acquired companies or brands may not achieve the level of sales or profitability that justify our investment in them
 or an acquired company may have unidentified liabilities for which we
 as a successor owner
 may be responsible. These transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial and other challenges
 including the existence of unknown disputes
 liabilities
 or contingencies and changes in the industry
 location
 or regulatory or political environment in which these investments are located
 that may arise after entering into such arrangements.

The success of any acquisitions we complete will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired brands or products into our existing operations. We may experience difficulty entering new categories or geographies
 integrating new products into our product mix
 integrating an acquired brand&#8217;s distribution channels and sales force
 achieving anticipated cost savings
 or retaining key personnel and customers of the acquired business. Integrating an acquired brand into our existing operations requires management resources and may divert management&#8217;s attention from our day-to-day operations. If we are not successful in integrating the operations of acquired brands
 or in executing strategies and business plans related to our joint ventures
 our business could be negatively affected.

We may have to pay cash
 incur debt
 or issue equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities to pay for any such acquisition
 any of which could adversely affect our financial results.



A key element of our growth strategy is to introduce new and appealing products and to successfully innovate on our existing products. Success in product development is affected by our ability to anticipate consumer preferences
 and to utilize our management&#8217;s ability to launch new or improved products successfully and on a cost-effective basis. Furthermore
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial marketing expenditures
 which we may not be able to finance or which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not achieve commercial success and gain widespread market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in our product innovation efforts and demand for our existing products declines
 our business could be negatively affected.















Reduced availability of raw materials and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for our raw materials and other inputs
 could adversely affect us.

Our business depends heavily on raw materials
 such as conventional and organic raw milk
 used in the production of our products. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. In addition
 a substantial portion of our raw materials are agricultural products
 which are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frost
 earthquakes
 and pestilence. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters also can lower dairy and crop yields and reduce supplies of these ingredients or increase their prices. Other events that adversely affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
 and reputation. Over the past several years
 we have experienced increased costs as a result of weather conditions and other events outside our and our suppliers&#8217; control and this may continue given recent weather conditions
 which may negatively affect our business.

The organic ingredients (including milk) for our products is less plentiful and available from fewer suppliers than their conventional counterparts. Competition with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic products increases. In addition
 the dairy industry continues to experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic farming compared to costs of conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of organic raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause product shortages and higher costs to us. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected.



The success of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely primarily on internal production resources to fulfill our manufacturing needs. Certain of our manufacturing plants are operating at high rates of utilization
 and we may need to expand our production facilities or increase our reliance on third parties to provide manufacturing and supply services
 commonly referred to as &#8220;co-packing&#8221; agreements
 for a number of our products. A failure by any future co-packers to comply with food safety
 environmental
 or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of products. In addition
 we have experienced
 and expect to continue to experience
 increased distribution and warehousing costs due to capacity constraints resulting from our growth. If we need to enter into co-packing
 warehousing or distribution agreements in the future
 we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find acceptable third party providers or enter into agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. Our inability to maintain sufficient internal capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our business or implement our strategic growth plan
 and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations. In addition
 we may need to expand our internal capacity
 which would increase our operating costs and could require significant capital expenditures. If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
 we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
 distribution and warehousing costs may increase
 which could negatively affect our business.



The branded food and beverage industry is sensitive to changes in international
 national
 and local economic conditions.&#160;&#160;The most recent economic downturn has had an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or private label products or forego certain purchases altogether. They may also reduce the number of organic and premium products that they purchase because organic and premium products generally have higher retail prices than their conventional counterparts. Lower consumer demand resulting from an economic downturn could decrease our sales volumes and negatively affect our results of operations.





















Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing
 and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. In addition
 most of our products are processed in a single facility
 and damage or disruption to this facility could impair our ability to process and sell those products. If we are unable or it is not financially feasible to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected and additional resources could be required to restore our supply chain.



Excess supply can cause significant price competition in our businesses. Growing conditions in various parts of the world
 particularly weather conditions such as windstorms
 floods
 droughts and freezes
 as well as diseases and pests
 are primary factors affecting market prices because of their influence on the supply and quality of product.

Some of our products are highly perishable and generally must be refrigerated and brought to market and sold soon after production. The selling price received for each type of product depends on all of these factors
 including the availability and quality of the products in the market
 and the availability and quality of competing types of products.

In addition
 general public perceptions regarding the quality
 safety or health risks associated with particular food products could reduce demand and prices for some of our products. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products that we produce for health or other reasons
 and we are unable to modify our products or to develop products that satisfy new consumer preferences
 there will be a decreased demand for our products. However
 even if market prices are unfavorable
 produce items which are ready to be
 or have been
 harvested must be brought to market promptly. A decrease in the selling price received for our products due to the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

Our substantial debt and financial obligations could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to operate our business
 and we may incur additional debt.

As of December 31
 2014
 we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $9 million substantially all of which consists of term loan borrowings from The Private Bank. We also had additional borrowing capacity of approximately $5 million under our line of credit from The Private Bank
 of which none was outstanding as of December 31
 2014.


























limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes;
















































Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all.















Our notes issued to The Private Bank bear interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase
 it will increase our debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow.





































































































These restrictions on the operation of our business could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities
 and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt.

We may need additional financing in the future
 and we may not be able to obtain that financing.

From time to time
 we may need additional financing to support our business and pursue our growth strategy
 including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
 the condition of the capital markets
 and other factors.&#160; We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required
 or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities
 those securities may have rights
 preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and equity-linked securities
 our existing stockholders may experience dilution.

Our results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter
 which makes them difficult to predict.

Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Our financial results in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors
 many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control
 including:







































































As a result of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year.



















We plan to expand distribution worldwide. Risks associated with our operations as we expand outside of the United States may include
 among other things:










legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions that differ from those in the United States and change from time to time
 such as tax
 labor
 and trade laws
 as well as laws that affect our ability to manufacture
 market
 or sell our products;





























political and economic instability
 such as the recent debt crisis in Europe;
































If one or more of these business risks occur
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Loss of our key management or other personnel
 or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
 could negatively impact our business.

We depend on the skills
 working relationships
 and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
 or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Our workforce could become unionized in the future
 which could materially and adversely affect the stability of our production and materially reduce our profitability.

Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union
 our employees have the right at any time under the National Labor Relations Act to form or affiliate with a union and certain employees at our Wisconsin facility have undertaken the process of asking for a vote on forming a union. If our employees choose to form or affiliate with a union and the terms of a union collective bargaining agreement are significantly different from our current compensation and job assignment arrangements with our employees
 these arrangements could materially and adversely affect the stability of our operations and materially reduce our profitability.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.

We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly our trademarks
 but also our trade secrets
 copyrights
 and licenses
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark
 copyright
 and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements
 and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.

We also face the risk of claims that we have infringed third parties&#8217; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 divert management&#8217;s attention and resources
 or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party&#8217;s intellectual property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
 a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly license or royalty agreements
 or stop the sale of certain products
 any of which could have a negative effect on our results of operations.

















We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. In the opinion of management
 the resolution of current litigation claims and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of financial condition. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. If actual outcomes or losses differ materially from our current assessments and estimates or additional litigation or legal proceedings are initiated
 we could be exposed to significant liabilities.

Additionally
 a significant product liability
 consumer fraud
 or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall would negatively impact our profitability. Claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. Even if a product liability
 consumer fraud
 or other claim is found to be without merit or is otherwise unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image
 particularly in categories that are promoted as having strong health and wellness credentials. Any loss of consumer confidence in our product ingredients or in the safety and quality of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome.

Our business is subject to various environmental and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs or subject us to liabilities.

Our business operations are subject to numerous requirements in the United States relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters
 including the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
 and the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes and regulations in the United States and in each of the countries in which we do business in Europe. These laws and regulations govern
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment. We could incur significant costs
 including fines
 penalties and other sanctions
 cleanup costs
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result of the failure to comply with
 or liabilities under
 environmental
 health
 and safety requirements. New legislation
 as well as current federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters
 could require us to replace equipment
 install additional pollution controls
 purchase various emission allowances
 or curtail operations. These costs could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Violations of laws or regulations related to the food industry
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations related to the food industry
 could adversely affect our business.

The food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among other federal and state authorities
 the U.S. FDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 and the U.S. Departments of Agriculture
 Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities abroad within the regulatory framework of the European Union and its members. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. In addition
 the marketing and advertising of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our products to children. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&#8220;NOP&#8221;)
 we rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Because the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 was so recently adopted
 many regulations and informal positions taken by the NOP are subject to continued review and scrutiny. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
 our customers
 or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
 increased regulatory scrutiny could interrupt distribution of our products
 as could be the case in the United States as the FDA enacts the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011
 or force changes in our production processes and our products. Further
 if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

















Ludmila Smolyansky
 the chairman of our board
 Julie Smolyansky
 our chief executive officer
 president and director and Edward Smolyansky
 our chief financial and accounting officer
 chief operating officer
 treasurer and secretary (together
 the &#8220;Smolyansky Family&#8221;) own approximately 49.6% of our issued and outstanding common stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors often perceive a disadvantage in owning shares in a company with one or several controlling shareholders. Furthermore
 our directors and officers
 as a group
 which own in excess of 49.8% of our issued and outstanding common stock have the ability to significantly influence or control the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder approval
 including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions
 such as mergers
 consolidations or the sale of substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and might reduce the price of our common stock. In addition
 without the consent of the Smolyansky Family
 we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us. The Smolyansky Family may cause us to take actions that are opposed by other shareholders as their interests may differ from those of other shareholders.


We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements
 our failure to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which in turn could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.


We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A description of the material weaknesses can be found in Item 9A of this report. As a result of such weaknesses
 our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31
 2014. These material weaknesses have impeded the Company&#8217;s ability to timely file annual and quarterly reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 as well as the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2015. For further information regarding this matter
 please refer to Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.


Unless and until these material weaknesses have been remediated
 or should new material weaknesses arise or be discovered in the future material misstatements could occur and go undetected in the Company&#8217;s interim or annual consolidated financial statements and we may be required to restate our financial statements.&#160;&#160;In addition
 we may experience delays in satisfying our reporting obligations or to comply with SEC rules and regulations
 which could result in investigations and sanctions by regulatory authorities. Any of these results could adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock.














On May 16
 1988
 Lifeway purchased an approximately 26
000 square foot parcel of real property
 including an approximately 8
500 square foot one-story brick building in good condition
 located at 7625 N. Austin Avenue
 Skokie
 Illinois. Lifeway uses this facility for manufacturing and storage and has no plans to improve or renovate this property. Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to a mortgage which secures the property as collateral for certain loans to Lifeway from The Private Bank &amp; Trust as discussed in Item 7
 Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation (the &#8220;Loans&#8221;). The Loans are secured by all of the assets of Lifeway
 including a first mortgage on Lifeway&#8217;s real property located in Skokie
 Illinois
 Niles
 Illinois and Morton Grove
 Illinois. A portion of the proceeds of the Loans was used to pay off previously existing mortgage loans. The value of this property may be subject to real estate market forces that typically affect industrial real estate in the area immediately surrounding the property.




















On October 16
 1996
 Lifeway purchased a 110
000 square foot commercially-zoned parcel of real property
 including an approximately 50
000 square foot one-story brick building in good condition
 located at 6431 Oakton Avenue
 Morton Grove
 Illinois. This property is used as Lifeway&#8217;s corporate headquarters and main manufacturing facility. This property has been improved every year since the time of purchase by the addition of custom-built refrigerated storage space and the addition of various machinery and equipment used to manufacture
 package and store Lifeway&#8217;s products. Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to a mortgage which secures the property as collateral for the Loans discussed above. The value of this property may be subject to real estate market forces that typically affect industrial real estate in the area immediately surrounding the property.


In June 2005
 the Company purchased a 100
000 square foot distribution and warehousing facility that is equipped with 40
000 square feet of refrigeration. The facility
 located at 6101 Gross Point Road in Niles
 Illinois
 approximately 50
000 square foot building
 less than a mile away. The additional space at the Company&#8217;s main plant is being used to expand production capacity for the Company&#8217;s kefir and other probiotic products. Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to a mortgage which secures the property as collateral for the Loans discussed above. The value of this property may be subject to real estate market forces that typically affect industrial real estate in the area immediately surrounding the property.


Included in the purchase of Pride of Main Street Dairy on August 3
 2006
 Lifeway acquired an approximately 35
000 square foot commercially-zoned parcel of real estate located at 214 Main Street S. Sauk Centre
 Minnesota
 including a 16
000 square foot two-story brick building used for production
 and a 5
600 square foot storage facility. This property is used as the main headquarters and main production facility for Pride of Main Street Dairy. The building was built in the 1920&#8217;s with an addition in 1990. The facility is being used to produce all of the Pride of Main Street Dairy products
 and approximately 70% of the Helios Nutrition Organic Kefir
 with the remaining 30% being produced in Lifeway&#8217;s main production facility in Morton Grove
 Illinois. Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to negative mortgage pledge as part of the collateral package for the Loans discussed above. The value of this property may be subject to real estate market forces that typically affect industrial real estate in the area immediately surrounding the property.


On February 6
 2009
 in connection with the Company&#8217;s acquisition of Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Lifeway also acquired 1.135 acres of land in Philadelphia. This facility is used to store raw materials and finished goods.&#160;&#160;Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to a negative mortgage pledge as part of the collateral package for the Loans discussed above. The value of this property may be subject to real estate market forces that typically affect industrial real estate in the area immediately surrounding the property.


On July 2
 2013 the Company
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary Lifeway Wisconsin
 consummated the purchase of certain assets of Golden Guernsey&#8217;s dairy manufacturing
 bottling and distribution plant
 including land
 a 170
000 square foot facility in Waukesha
 Wisconsin and certain equipment used in the milk separation process. The property has been improved since the time of purchase by the addition of high-tech and high-speed machinery and equipment used in the manufacture and packaging of product. The facility is used to manufacture
 package and store Lifeway products. Production and packaging at the facility commenced on June
 2015.&#160;&#160;Lifeway is the only occupant of this property and presently holds fee simple title subject to negative mortgage pledge as part of the collateral package for the Loans discussed above.


For financial statement and tax purposes
 Lifeway depreciates its buildings and improvements on a straight line basis over 31 and 39 years.&#160;&#160;Management believes that Lifeway has adequate insurance coverage for all it's properties.




































MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.






Lifeway&#8217;s Common Stock
 no par value
 the only class of common equity of Lifeway
 is traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol &#8220;LWAY.&#8221; Trading commenced on March 29
 1988.


The high and low sales prices for Lifeway&#8217;s Common Stock for the quarterly periods within the two most recent fiscal years
 as reported by The Nasdaq Global Market
 is set forth in the following table:





































































































As of July 28
 2015
 there were approximately 67 holders of record of Lifeway&#8217;s Common Stock. The Company has no information regarding beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name.





Lifeway declared a cash dividend of $0.08 per share during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 and a cash dividend of $0.07 per share during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012.&#160;&#160;We do not currently intend to pay regular annual distributions to our common shareholders. Future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of our Board of Directors
 and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities
 our financial condition
 capital requirements
 and such other factors as our Board of Directors deem relevant.

















Equity Compensation Plan Information is included in Part III
 Item 11 &#8211; Executive Compensation.





The following&#160;&#160;graph compares the Company&#8217;s cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on a reinvested basis) over the last five fiscal years with the Russell 2000 Index and the Company&#8217;s Peer Group
 including
 Dean Foods Co.
 Jamba
 Inc. and Tofutti Brands Inc.&#160;&#160;The table below assumes an investment of $100 on December 31
 2010 in our common stock
 the Russell 2000 Index and the Peer Group. Our stock price performance shown in the table below is not indicative of future stock price performance.



















































































































































58
499
893



69
970
409



81
351
265



97
524
142



118
959
613







6
274
632



5
076
491



8
844
711



8
031
312



4
235
479































52
058
731



51
473
308



53
506
626



63
673
801



63
424
438







6
122
225



5
539
836



4
955
945



8
999
012



8
124
515



















































The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations for the twelve-months ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information
 the following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our future plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;may&#8221;
 &#8220;will&#8221;
 &#8220;could&#8221;
 &#8220;expect&#8221;
 &#8220;anticipate&#8221;
 &#8220;intend&#8221;
 &#8220;believe&#8221;
 &#8220;estimate&#8221;
 &#8220;plan&#8221;
 &#8220;predict&#8221;
 and similar terms or terminology
 or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business
 our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors that could contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section in Part I
 Item 1A. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.





Comparison of Year Ended December 31
 2014 to Year Ended December 31
 2013




Total consolidated net sales increased by $21
435
471 (approximately 22%) to $118
959
613 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $97
524
142 during the year ended December 31
 2013
 primarily as a result of a $21
249
622 (approximately 20%) increase in total consolidated gross sales to $130
215
716 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $108
966
094 during the year ended December 31
 2013
 offset by a decrease in discounts and allowances in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013. The increase in total consolidated gross sales resulted primarily from an increase in volume of products sold. The increase included $18
062
178 from an increase in volume of products sold and $3
187
443 from increases in prices of products sold.


Total cost of goods sold
 increased by $20
195
525 (approximately 29%) to $90
096
774 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $69
901
249 during the year ended December 31
 2013. This increase is a result of increases in cost of goods sold
 excluding depreciation expense
 and depreciation expense



The following table summarizes our cost of goods sold
 excluding depreciation expense:









December 31
























59
405
884







47
144
509









51
331





37
363









1
413
622





780
016









9
408
860





7
936
107









169
170





67
837









12
359
418





9
267
530









388
182





292
736









44
986





20
760









52
743





24
515









5
834





29
384

























4
260
807





2
674
028











87
560
837







68
274
674






















Cost of goods sold
 excluding depreciation expense
 increased by $19
286
163 (approximately 28%) to $87
560
837 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $68
274
674 during the year ended December 31
 2013. This increase is primarily a result of increases in purchases
 supplies
 salaries
 freight and labor and overhead.


Purchases increased by $12
261
375 (approximately 26%) to $59
405
884 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $47
144
509 during the year ended December 31
 2013 primarily as a result of the increase in volume of goods produced. The increase in purchases included approximately $9
196
031 from an increase in volume of purchases and approximately $3
065
344 from increases in prices of products purchased.


Supplies increased $633
606 (approximately 81%) to $1
413
622 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $780
016 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase is primarily a result of increased purchases related to the Company&#8217;s Wisconsin facility purchased in July
 2013.


Salaries increased $1
472
753 (approximately 19%) to $9
408
860 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $7
936
107 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was a result of additional employees hired in connection with the purchase of the Wisconsin facility in July 2013.


Freight increased $3
091
888 (approximately 33%) to $12
359
418 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $9
267
530 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was primarily as a result of an increase in the volume of our products sold and shipped.


Labor and overhead increased $1
586
779 (approximately 59%) to $4
260
807 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $2
674
028 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was primarily as a result of increased costs related to the Company&#8217;s Wisconsin facility purchased in July 2013.


Depreciation expense increased by $909
362 (approximately 56%) to $2
535
937 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $1
626
575 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase is partially attributable to an increase in depreciation expense of $470
000 during 2014 related to an adjustment to the useful lives of the Starfruit leasehold improvements and the depreciation expense of $320
000 associated with assets placed in service at the Lifeway Wisconsin location since July 2013.

Total operating expenses increased by $5
035
779 (approximately 26%) to $24
627
360 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $19
591
581 during the year ended December 31
 2013. Total operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were approximately 21% during the year ended December 31
 2014
 compared to approximately 20% during the year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in general and administrative expenses and selling expenses.














December 31
























2
258
829







1
989
409









3
875
384





2
438
560









6
253
960





4
950
481









402
341





247
062









1
743
016





1
633
090



















































37
500







14
534
038





11
296
381









Selling expenses increased by $3
237
657 (approximately 29%) to $14
534
038 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $11
296
381 during the year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;This increase resulted primarily from increases in advertising and salaries.
















Advertising increased $1
436
824 (approximately 59%) to $3
875
384 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $2
438
560 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was a result of&#160;&#160;a greater volume of advertisements purchased.


Salaries increased $1
303
479 (approximately 26%) to $6
253
960 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $4
950
481 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase was a result of additional employees hired in connection with the purchase of the Wisconsin facility in July 2013.












December 31





















3
254
218



2
405
416







297
724



347
164







7
795



4
673







93
395



70
259







325
141



301
820







3
085
750



2
525
418







34
910



9
118







99
307



71
933







1
515
007



1
370
125







94
409



62
554







569
989



413
917







9
377
645



7
582
397









General and administrative expenses increased $1
795
248 (approximately 24%) to $9
377
645 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $7
582
397 during the year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;The increase is primarily a result of an increases in employee expenses and professional fees.


Employee expenses increased $848
802 (approximately 35%) to $3
254
218 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $2
405
416 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase is primarily a result of additional employees hired to staff the Wisconsin facility purchased in July 2013.


Professional fees increased $560
332 (approximately 22%) to $3
085
750 during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $2
525
418 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The Company became an accelerated filer as of December 31
 2013. As a result of becoming an accelerated filer
 the Company was required to make certain limited additional disclosure on an accelerated timeline for the filing of its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 filed April 2
 2014. Thereafter all of the Company&#8217;s filings with the SEC were subject to full disclosure required by accelerated filers. The increase in professional fees resulted from the increased disclosure requirements as a result of the Company becoming an accelerated filer and from responding to comments from the SEC.


795
833 (approximately 47%) to $4
235
479 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 from $8
031
312 during the year ended December 31
 2013.


Provision for income taxes was $2
242
226 or a 53% effective tax rate
 for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared with $2
866
875 or a 36% effective tax rate
 during the year ended December 31
 2013. Income taxes are discussed in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Total net income was $1
956
404 or $0.12 per share for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $4
990
298 or $0.31 per share in the year ended December 31
 2013.

















Comparison of Year Ended December 31
 2013 to Year Ended December 31
 2012



Total consolidated net sales increased by $16
172
877 (approximately 20%) to $97
524
142 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $81
351
265 during the year ended December 31
 2012
 primarily as a result of a $19
212
087 (approximately 21%) increase in total consolidated gross sales to $108
966
094 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $89
754
007 during the year ended December 31
 2012
 offset by an increase in discounts and allowances in fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012. The increase in total consolidated gross sales resulted&#160;primarily from an increase in volume of products sold.


The following table summarizes our cost of goods sold
 excluding depreciation expense:









December 31
























47
144
509







37
858
216









37
363





71
424









780
016





626
920









7
936
107





5
923
561









67
837





4
200









9
267
530





5
330
508









292
736





1
104
421









20
760





126
505









24
515















29
384































2
674
028





2
052
224









68
274
674





53
098
191








Cost of goods sold
 excluding depreciation expense
 increased by $15
176

274

 2013 from $53
098
191 during the year ended December 31
 2012. This increase is primarily a result of increases in purchases
 salaries
 freight and labor and overhead partially offset by decreases in delivery expense and outside services.


Purchases increased by $9
286
293 (approximately 25%) to $47
144
509 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $37
858
216 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of the increase in volume of goods produced. The increase in purchases included approximately $7
950
225 from an increase in volume of purchases and $1
336
067 from increases in prices of products purchased.


Salaries increased $2
012
546 (approximately 34%) to $7
936
107 during year ended December 31
 2013 from $5
923
561 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of additional salaries of employees hired at the Wisconsin facility purchased in July 2013.


Freight increased $3
937
022 (approximately 74%) to $9
267
530 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $5
330
508 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of an increase in the volume of our products sold and shipped.


Labor and overhead increased $621
804 (approximately 30%) to $2
674
028 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $2
052
224 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of additional costs incurred in connection with the Wisconsin facility purchased July 2013.



Total operating expenses increased by $1
812
812 (approximately 10%) to $19
591
581 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $17
778
769 during the year ended December 31
 2012. Total operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were approximately 20% during the year ended December 31
 2013
 compared to approximately 22% during the year ended December 31
 2012.&#160;&#160;The increase in total operating expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in general and administrative expenses and selling expenses.



























December 31
























1
989
409







1
293
267









2
438
560





2
417
516









4
950
481





5
384
946









247
062





262
282









1
633
090





1
288
933














































37
500







56
786















11
296
381









10
703
980











Selling expenses increased by $592
401 (approximately 5%) to $11
296
381 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $10
703
980 during the year ended December 31
 2012. This increase resulted primarily from increases in salesperson commissions and travel offset by a decrease in salaries.


Salesperson commissions increased $696
142 (approximately 54%) to $1
989
409 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $1
293
267 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of an increase in volume of products sold
 as well as a shift towards outsourcing sales person functions to third party companies.


Travel increased $344
157 (approximately 27%) to $1
633
090 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $1
288
933 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of the Company&#8217;s preparation for sales in the UK and Canada
 as well as travel related to the July 2013 Golden Guernsey Wisconsin acquisition.


Salaries decreased $434
465 (approximately 8%) to $4
950
481 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $5
384
946 during the year ended December 31
 2012 primarily as a result of a shift towards outsourcing sales person functions to third party companies from internal employment.












December 31
























2
405
416







2
990
393









347
164





379
348









4
673





17
890









70
259





31
578









301
820





199
958









2
525
418





1
786
960









9
118





155
443









71
933





69
344









1
370
125





458
774









62
554





61
936









413
917





168
348









7
582
397





6
319
972






















General and administrative expenses increased $1
262
425 (approximately 20%) to $7
582
397 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $6
319
972 during the year ended December 31
 2012. The increase is primarily a result of an increases in professional fees and miscellaneous expenses
 partially offset by a decrease in employee expenses.


Employee expenses decreased $584
977 (approximately 20%) to $2
405
416 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $2
990
393 during the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease is primarily a result of lower travel costs.


Professional fees increased $738
458 (approximately 41%) to $2
525
418 during the year ended December 31
 2013 from $1
786
960 during the year ended December 31
 2012. The increase is primarily a result of the Company&#8217;s preparation for becoming an accelerated filer on December 31
 2013 and complying with the limited additional disclosure requirements and accelerated timeline for its filing of the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.


Total operating income decreased by $813
399 (approximately 9%) to $8
031
312 during the year ended December 31
 2013
 from $8
844
711 during the year ended December 31
 2012.



Provision for income taxes was $2
866
875 or a 36% effective tax rate
 for the year ended December 31
 2013 compared with $3
205
076&#160;&#160;or a 36% effective tax rate
 during the year ended December 31
 2012. Income taxes are discussed in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Total net income was $4
990
298 or $0.31 per share for the year ended December 31
 2013 compared to $5
619
798 or $0.34 per share in the year ended December 31
 2012.









Net cash provided by operating activities was $5
092
177 during the twelve-months ended December 31
 2014 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $5
841
128 in the same period in 2013. This decrease is primarily attributable to lower net income in 2014.


Net cash used in investing activities was $4
261
327 during the twelve-months ended December 31
 2014 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $7
862
973 in the same period in 2013. This decrease reflects lower levels of purchases of property and equipment in 2014 compared to 2013. During 2013 the Company purchased&#160;certain assets of&#160;Golden Guernsey in Wisconsin as discussed further below.


The Company had a net decrease of cash and cash equivalents of $46
364 during the twelve month period ended December 31
 2014 compared to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $1
020
382 during the same period in 2013. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of $3
260
244 as of December 31
 2014 compared to cash and cash equivalents of $3
306
608 as of December 31
 2013.


Net cash provided by operating activities was $5
841
128 during the twelve-months ended December 31
 2013 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $6
627
684 in the same period in 2012. This decrease is primarily attributable to the decrease in refundable income taxes of $930
119 in 2013.


Net cash used in investing activities was $7
862
973 during the twelve-months ended December 31
 2013 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1
555
914 in the same period in 2012. This increase is primarily due to an increase in purchases of property and equipment of $7
051
169 compared to 2012 resulting from the Company&#8217;s purchase of certain assets of Golden Guernsey in Wisconsin in July 2013.


The Company had a net increase of cash and cash equivalents of $1
020
382 during the twelve month period ended December 31
 2013 compared to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $1
171
079 during the same period in 2012. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of $3
306
608 as of December 31
 2013 compared to cash and cash equivalents of $2
286
226 as of December 31
 2012.


In July 2013
 Lifeway purchased certain assets of&#160;Golden Guernsey to allow the Company to purchase raw
 instead of processed
 milk and to process that raw milk on its own. The Company also intends to increase its kefir production capability by adding production capability at Golden Guernsey which will allow the Company to increase the amount of product it can produce and sell as demand increases. The Company anticipates that processing its own milk will allow the Company to purchase its major ingredient
 milk
 at approximately 5% less than if the Company was purchasing processed milk. The Company has not yet begun production of kefir at Golden Guernsey.





Total assets were $63
424
438 as of December 31
 2014
 which is a decrease of $249
363 when compared to December 31
 2013.


Total current liabilities were $8
525
116 as of December 31
 2014
 which is a decrease of $357
125 when compared to December 31
 2013. This is primarily due to a $1
136
424 decrease in accounts payable partially offset by a $782
016 increase in accrued expenses.


















Notes payable decreased by $877
214 as of December 31
 2014
 when compared to December 31
 2013. The balance of the notes payable as of December 31
 2014 was $8
996



699
712 as of December 31
 2014
 which is an increase of $1
750
590 when compared to December 31
 2013. This is primarily due&#160;to 2014 net income of $1
956
404 when compared to December 31
 2013.




























































8
996
800



872
285



4
874
526



3
249
989











314
979



70
539



195
246



49
194











9
311
779



942
824



5
069
772



3
299
183












The preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires management to make estimates
 judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe our estimates
 judgments and assumptions are reasonable; however
 future results could differ from those estimates.&#160;&#160;Management regularly assesses its accounting policies and has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies with its Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. For further information concerning accounting policies
 refer to Note 2 &#8212; Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.


.&#160;&#160;Goodwill is not subject to amortization but rather is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.&#160;&#160;Our estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing are determined based on the market capitalization of the company.&#160;&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014 we had $14.1 million of goodwill and the market capitalization of the Company exceeded its carrying value by more than 100%.


From time to time
 we grant certain sales discounts to customers which are classified as a reduction in sales.&#160;&#160;The measurement and recognition of discounts and allowances involves the use of judgment and our estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014 we had $0.9 million of accrued discounts and allowances.


.&#160;&#160;We pay income taxes based on tax statutes
 regulations and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate.&#160;&#160;At any one time
 multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities.&#160;&#160;Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.&#160;&#160;Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
























We do not undertake any specific actions to diminish our exposure to interest rate risk and we are not a party to any interest rate risk management transactions.&#160;&#160;We do not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments.&#160;&#160;Our foreign sales are not material.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 our currency rate risk is not currently material.


As of December 31
 2014
 we had an outstanding balance under our bank&#160;term loans of approximately $8.997 million
 and we have the option to borrow an additional $5 million from our line of credit.&#160;&#160;The term loans bear interest at variable rates.&#160;&#160;Based on the outstanding amount under such loans at December 31
 2014 of approximately $8.997 million (which remains outstanding as of the time of this filing) a 1.0 percent increase in interest rates would result in additional annualized interest expense of approximately $90
000.&#160;&#160;For a detailed discussion of our loans
 including a discussion of the applicable interest rate
 please refer to Note 8
 Notes Payable under Part II
 Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
























































LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.






















Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition for the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013&#160;and 2012



Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012






Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012






Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012










































Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Morton Grove
 Illinois


We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
 2014 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity

 we have also audited the financial statement schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts (Item 15). 


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at December&#160;31
 2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended

 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relationship to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.


We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 13
 2015 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.












Oak Brook
 Illinois









































Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries




We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2013 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at December 31
 2013
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.










Chicago
 Illinois
April 2
 2014

































Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries



We have audited Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#8217; (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 based on criteria established in Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 1992. Management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we are considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.&#160;&#160;Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


A material weakness is a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#8217;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified material weaknesses in controls including an inadequate process for the capitalization and depreciation of property and equipment
 inadequate internal controls over expenses involving senior management and others


 and inadequate design and existence of entity level controls over financial reporting whether manual or IT related
 including ineffective oversight by the Company&#8217;s audit committee related to accounting matters
 implementation of COSO Framework and monitoring of remediation efforts of prior year identified material weaknesses. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2014 financial statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated August 13
 2015&#160;on those financial statements. Additionally
 we have discussed with management and the audit committee certain observations regarding the effectiveness of operating controls. These observations have been across different areas and in the aggregate they do not rise to the level of a material weakness. However
 we believe these observations may be an indication of improvements that can be made in the control environment. Based on our observations
 the board of directors
 audit committee and senior management should reinforce their expectations at the various levels of the company regarding the importance of internal controls and expected level of conduct.


In our opinion
 because of the effect of the material weaknesses described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 based on criteria established in the 1992 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated statement of financial condition of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the year then ended
 and our report dated August 13
 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.







Oak Brook
 Illinois






















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




December 31
 2014 and 2013












December 31

















































3
260
244



3
306
608







2
779
140



2
516
380







149
965



15
373







5
814
219



6
899
008




Accounts receivable

050
000 in 2014 and 2013




10
213
541



10
444
839







251
922



128
323







134
338



103
272







408
340



322
071







1
140
796



1
014
947







24
152
505



24
750
821













Property and equipment
 net



21
892
395



20
824
448





























14
068
091



14
068
091





Other intangible assets

184
036 and $4
468
359 in 2014 and 2013
 





3
059
764



3
750
441







17
127
855



17
818
532

























Long-term accounts receivable
 net of current portion



251
683



280
000







63
424
438



63
673
801



















































872
285



875
002







5
586
755



6
723
179







2
066
076



1
284
060







8
525
116



8
882
241

















8
124
515



8
999
012

















2
075
095



2
843
426







18
724
726



20
724
679

























Common stock
 no par value; 40
000
000 shares authorized;











17
273
776 shares issued; 16
346
017 shares outstanding















6
509
267



6
509
267







2
032
516



2
032
516



Treasury stock
 at cost



(8
187
682



(8
187
682







44
543
618



42
587
214



Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes



(198
007



7
807







44
699
712



42
949
122

















63
424
438



63
673
801


























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013&#160;and 2012

















December 31


























130
215
716






108
966
094






89
754
007










(11
256
103






(11
441
952






(8
402
742










118
959
613



118
959
613



97
524
142



97
524
142



81
351
265



81
351
265





































87
560
837







68
274
674







53
098
191











2
535
937







1
626
575







1
629
594





































90
096
774







69
901
249







54
727
785





































28
862
839







27
622
893







26
623
480





































14
534
038







11
296
381







10
703
980











9
377
645







7
582
397







6
319
972











715
677







712
803







754
817





































24
627
360







19
591
581







17
778
769





































4
235
479







8
031
312







8
844
711

































































122
018







116
380







85
383











4
300







11
727







12
285











(276
895







(&#160;203
365







(177
622




Gain on sale of investments
 net 








98
953







195
500







71
286











6
592







(304








(11
169











8
192







10
577



















(36
840







(174
139







(19
837







































4
198
630







7
857
173







8
824
874





































2
242
226







2
866
875







3
205
076





































1
956
404







4
990
298







5
619
798































































































16
346
017







16
346
017







16
373
224



























































































1
956
404







4
990
298







5
619
798






























(loss)
 net of tax:































investments (net of tax)
 $93
540

793 and $79
159 for 2014

 respectively










(145
571







64
674







102
816







net income (net of taxes)
 $38
711

042 and $31
009 for 2014

 respectively











(60
243







(110
458







(40
277





































1
750
590







4
944
514







5
682
337

























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014
&#160;2013&#160;and 2012













Common Stock
 No Par Value
40
000
000 Shares









































































Income (Loss)




















































































Balances at January 1
 2012



17
273
776



16
409
317



864
459



6
509
267



2
032
516



(7
606
974



34
431
296



(8
948



35
357
157

















































(63
300



63
300











(580
708











(580
708























































































































Unrealized gains on securities
 net of taxes































62
539



62
539










































December 31
 2012




























5
619
798







5
619
798





































































(1
146
317







(1
146
317









































Balances at December 31
 2012



17
273
776



16
346
017



927
759



6
509
267



2
032
516



(8
187
682



38
904
777



53
591



39
312
469























































































































Unrealized losses on securities
 net of taxes































(45
784



(45
784










































December 31
 2013




























4
990
298







4
990
298





































































(1
307
861







(1
307
861









































Balances at December 31
 2013



17
273
776



16
346
017



927
759



6
509
267



2
032
516



(8
187
682



42
587
214



7
807



42
949
122























































































































Unrealized losses on securities
 net of taxes































(205
814



(205
814










































December 31
 2014




























1
956
404







1
956
404









































Balances at December 31
 2014



17
273
776



16
346
017



927
759



6
509
267



2
032
516



(8
187
682



44
543
618



(198
007



44
699
712

























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014
 2013&#160;and 2012











December 31















































1
956
404



4
990
298



5
619
798







































3
251
614



2
339
378



2
384
411



Gain on sale of investments
 net



(98
953



(195
500



(71
286







(719
778



(238
804



(434
896







204
700



32
604



435
344







(&#160;6
592



304
958



11
169























54
915



(1
741
759



(1
213
253







(31
066



(94
447



215
379







1
084
789



(959
822



(984
711







(125
849



(930
119



(43
512







(123
599



(6
185



(17
508























(1
136
424



2
466
454



(129
514







782
016



128
383



601
952











(254
311



254
311







5
092
177



5
841
128



6
627
684





































(3
280
157



(3
518
781



(1
452
672







2
773
570



3
001
016



1
475
730







15
000



423
997











(149
965







(150
255







(3
684
368



(8
479
886



(1
428
717







64
593



710
681











(&#160;4
261
327



(7
862
973



(1
555
914













































(592
040















(580
708











(1
307
861



(1
146
317











4
975
000



250
000







(877
214



(624
912



(1
831
626







(877
214



3
042
227



(3
900
691





















(46
364



1
020
382



1
171
079





















3
306
608



2
286
226



1
115
147





















3
260
244



3
306
608



2
286
226


























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012








Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Lifeway&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation
 commenced operations in February 1986
 and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Illinois on May 19
 1986. The Company&#8217;s principal business activity is the manufacturing of probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. Lifeway&#8217;s primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to kefir
 Lifeway manufactures &#8220;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#8221; a line of various farmer cheeses. Lifeway distributes its products throughout the United States and in London. The Company manufactures all of its products distributed in the United States at Company-owned facilities. In the Chicago metropolitan area
 Lifeway distributes its products on its own trucks and via distributors. The Company directly distributes its products in the Philadelphia and Tri State metropolitan areas using its own trucks







During fiscal 2014
 adjustments to correct the accounting for certain items related to prior periods
 in the aggregate
 decreased income before provision for income taxes by approximately $600
400
&#160;&#160;&#160;These errors relate to an understatement of accrued expenses and the provision for income taxes arising primarily from inaccurate accounting for certain employee
 including officer
&#160;expense reports and an understatement of depreciation expense arising from assigning &#160;incorrect useful lives.&#160;&#160;The Company determined these adjustments to be immaterial
 individually and in the aggregate
 to our previously filed consolidated financial statements.










The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Helios Nutrition
 Ltd.
 Pride of Main Street
 L.L.C.
 Starfruit
 L.L.C.
 Fresh Made
 Inc. and Starfruit Franchisor
 L.L.C.

 Inc. (IL) (dissolved in February 2012)
 First Juice
 Inc. (dissolved in December 2011) and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. was created to facilitate the operation of a production facility in Wisconsin. 



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 the valuation of investment securities
 goodwill
 intangible assets
 and deferred taxes.



Sales of Company produced dairy products are recorded at the time of shipment and the following four criteria have been met: (i) The product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists; (iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to the customers are included in net sales and the related cost in cost of sales. Discounts and allowances are reported as a reduction of gross sales unless the allowance is attributable to an identifiable benefit separable from the purchase of the product
 the value of which can be reasonably estimated
 which would be charged to the appropriate expense account.



Sales are predominately to companies in the retail food industry
 located within the United States of America. Two major customers accounted for approximately 28%
 35% and 31% of gross sales for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. These customers accounted for approximately 23%
 25% and 30% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.





















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012








The Company maintains cash deposits at several institutions located in the greater Chicago
 Illinois and Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania metropolitan areas.



All investment securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&#8217; equity. Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
 realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are recorded in other income. All of the Company's securities are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. This evaluation depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred include: the market value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and the intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the market value of the investment.






Accounts receivable are recorded at invoice amounts
 and reduced to their estimated net realizable value by recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts. The Company&#8217;s estimate of the allowances for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts are based upon historical experience
 its evaluation of the current status and contract terms of specific receivables
 and unusual circumstances
 if any. Accounts are considered past due if payment is not made on a timely basis in accordance with the Company&#8217;s credit terms. Accounts considered uncollectible are charged against the allowance.



Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.&#160;&#160;Our products are valued using the first in
 first out method.&#160;&#160;The costs of inventories include raw materials
 direct labor and indirect production and overhead costs.



Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.




























































The Company accounts for intangible assets at historical cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recorded under the purchase method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually. Brand assets represent the fair value of brands acquired. The Company amortizes other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.

















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012








The Company reviews intangible assets and their related useful lives at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 including: a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company&#8217;s products or changes in the size of the market for the Company&#8217;s products.


If the estimate of an intangible asset&#8217;s remaining useful life is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.



















































Deferred income taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.


The principal sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax purposes
 unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price adjustments
 and the recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts for financial statement purposes.


The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The only periods subject to examination for the Company&#8217;s federal returns are the 2011
 2012 and 2013 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. 






The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 total advertising expenses were $3
875
384
 $2
685
691 and $2
679
798
 respectively.























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012









The Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois that sell the Company&#8217;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments
 has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States.






Intangible assets
 and the related accumulated amortization
 consist of the following:










December 31
 2014




December 31
 2013

































43
600







43
600







43
600







43
600









4
529
200





2
926
719





4
504
200





2
474
790









985
000





666
869





985
000





596
785









2
248
000





1
178
198





2
248
000





1
028
334









438
000





368
650





438
000





324
850









8
243
800







5
184
036







8
218
800







4
468
359





















715
677









697
427









671
877









634
863









209
578









130
342









3
059
764







Amortization expense during the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $715
677
 $712
803 and $754
817
 respectively.























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012














December 31
 2014















































530
328







19
608







(64
046)







485
890









445
337











(10
624)





434
713









180
120











(2
075)





178
240









1
948
596





1
880





(270
179)





1
680
297











3
104
381







21
683







(346
924)







2
779
140











December 31
 2013



















































1
006
169







98
213







(32
181)







1
072
201









54
847





1
994











56
841









464
585





12
960





(15
449)





462
096









973
333





1
329





(49
420)





925
242











2
498
934







114
496







(97
050)







2
516
380











December 31
 2012















































639
974







90
875







(5
190









725
659









1
135
064





16
212





(7
047







1
144
229











1
775
038







107
087







(12
237









1
869
888








Proceeds from the sale of investments were $2
773
570
 $3
001
016 and $1
475
730 for the years ended December
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


Gross gains of $177
420
 $248
223 and $88
713 and gross losses of $78
467
 $52
723 and $17
427 were realized on these sales during the years ended December
 2014
 2013 and 2012 respectively.


The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired
 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position
 at December
 2014
 2013 and 2012:






















December 31
 2014




























































162
268







(49
053







141
417







(14
993







303
685







(64
046









434
713





(10
624

















434
713





(10
624









80
640





(2
075

















80
640





(2
075









1
056
140





(194
641





497
277





(75
538





1
553
417





(270
179









1
733
761







(256
393







638
694







(90
531







2
372
455







(346
924























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012





























December 31
 2013


































































213
222







(32
180

























213
222







(32
180



















































224
125





(15
449



















224
125





(15
449











615
986





(42
827







96
726





(6
593







712
712





(49
420











1
053
333







(90
456









96
726







(6
593









1
150
059







(97
049
































December 31
 2012


































































63
620







(3
745









21
910







(1
445









85
530







(5
190











301
229





(2
721







193
930





(4
326







495
159





(7
047











364
849







(6
466









215
840







(5
771









580
689







(12
237









Equities
 Mutual Funds
 Preferred Securities
 and Corporate Bonds -The Company's investments in equity securities
 mutual funds
 preferred securities
 and corporate bonds consist of investments in common stock
 preferred stock and debt securities of companies in various industries. As of December 31
 2014
 there were three corporate bond securities that had unrealized losses greater than twelve months. The Company evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuer in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Based on that evaluation and the Company's ability and intent to hold these investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for a forecasted recovery of fair value
 the Company did not consider any material investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31
 2014.















December 31
























2
373
476







3
027
900









2
069
742





2
690
097









1
371
001





1
181
011











5
814
219







6
899
008


























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012

















December 31
























1
856
370







1
856
370









15
125
803





14
587
022









20
434
910





19
633
164









1
244
560





1
244
560









465
801





433
679









2
408
754





177
519







41
536
198





37
932
314









19
643
803





17
107
866











21
892
395







20
824
448







Lifeway completed the purchase of Golden Guernsey&#8217;s assets on July 2
 2013. The cost was approximately $7.4 million.


Depreciation expense during the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $2
535
937
 $1
626
575 and $1
629
594
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Included in depreciation expense for the year ended December 31
 2014 is an adjustment of approximately $470
000 related to the Company&#8217;s Starfruit leasehold improvements.















December 31
























891
763







477
312









331
278





306
608









843
035





500
140









2
066
076







1
284
060


























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012

















December 31

























Note payable to Private Bank in monthly installments of $42
222
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677%
 with a balloon payment for the remaining balance. Collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company. In May 2013
 the Company refinanced this note under similar terms which extended the maturity date to May 31
 2018.






4
352
222







4
858
889














Note payable to Private Bank in monthly installments of $27
778
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677% with a balloon payment for the remaining balance
 maturing on May 31
 2019
 collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.




4
583
333





4
916
667














Notes payable to Ford Credit Corp. payable in monthly installments of $1
778 at 5.99%
 due July 2015
 secured by transportation equipment.




12
198





32
124














Note payable to Fletcher Jones of Chicago
 Ltd LLC in monthly installments of $1
769 at 6.653%
 due May 24
 2017
 secured by transportation equipment.




49
047





66
334









8
996
800





9
874
014









872
285





875
002











8
124
515







8
999
012








In accordance with the Private Bank agreements referenced above
 the Company is subject to minimum fixed charged ratio and tangible net worth thresholds. The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants at December 31
 2014. Further
 the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes. Due to the Company&#8217;s delay in completing such filings the Company obtained waivers as further discussed in Note 16.


In addition
 as of December 31
 2014 the Company had a $5 million revolving credit facility with The Private Bank. Borrowings under the facility were subject to interest at the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%. At December 31
 2014 there were no borrowings under the facility. The facility expired in May 2015 but has been subsequently extended to May 2016.










For the 12 months ending December 31


















872
285









859
876









849
084









3
165
566









3
249
989











8
996
800























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012








The Company leases three stores for its Starfruit subsidiary. Total rent expense for these leases was $143
384
 $347
164 and $379
348 for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company is also responsible for additional rent equal to real estate taxes and other operating expenses. Future annual minimum base rental payments for the leases as of December 31
 2014 are as follows:











For the year ending December 31















70
539









72
653









74
832









47
761









49
194











314
979





















December 31




































2
142
526



2
551
505



2
757
332







819
478



554
174



882
640







2
962
004



3
105
679



3
639
972







(719
778 



(238
804 



(434
896 







2
242
226



2
866
875



3
205
076





































































1
427
534















2
666
223













3
000
457











State and local tax expense
 net




214
970













744
974













838
363
















463
646













(455
442















(427
525
















215
102












































(138
008












































58
982













(88
880















(206
219


















2
242
226















2
866
875













3
205
076



























































215
102















215
102













The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company recognized approximately $64
600
 $-
 and $- in interest and penalties
 respectively. The Company had approximately $64
600 and $- for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at December 31
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012

















December 31



















































(2
075
095



(2
896
058



(3
164
716











52
632



136
198







(2
075
095



(2
843
426 



(3
028
518 























8
620















127
234



(7
589 



(41
260 







233
366



307
910



265
072







39
120



21
750



10
875







408
340



322
071



234
687







(1
666
755



(2
521
355



(2
793
831























December 31


























266
581



205
739



191
277







3
079
602



4
362
991



3
413
687









 (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 820
 
 provides the framework for measuring fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC 820 are described as follows:





















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012











































If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.








Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.


The majority of the Company&#8217;s short-term investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company&#8217;s valuation of its Level 1 investments
 which include mutual funds
 is based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical securities. The Company&#8217;s valuation of its Level 2 investments
 which include certificates of deposits
 is based on other observable inputs
 specifically a valuation model which utilized vendor pricing for similar securities.


The preceding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore
 although the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants
 the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.


The following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&#8217;s financial assets at fair value for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:








Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2014























































149
965











149
965









434
713

















434
713









485
890

















485
890















178
240











178
240















1
680
297











1
680
297















8
996
800











8
996
800























LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012













Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2013























































15
373











15
373









56
841

















56
841









1
072
201

















1
072
201















462
096











462
096















925
242











925
242















9
874
014











9
874
014







The Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities also include accounts receivable
 other receivables and
 accounts payable for which carrying value approximates fair value. All such assets are valued using level 2 inputs.






The Company is named a party to lawsuits in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 the resolution of these lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.





In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. In July 2015 the FASB decided to delay the effective date for implementation of ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
 the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than its first quarter of 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified.


In July 2015
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance for measuring inventory.&#160;&#160;The core principal of the guidance is that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.&#160;&#160;Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation.&#160;&#160;This guidance does not apply to inventory that is being measured using the Last-In
 First-Out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.



The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective basis.&#160;&#160;Early adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;



















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012









The Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois that sell the Company&#8217;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker

 has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States. The Company had less than $1 million in revenues attributable to its retail locations during the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 or 2012.The Company&#8217;s annual revenues attributable to its three retail locations are considered not to be material and accordingly the Company has not presented financial information separately for this segment.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues and assets of the Company are within the United States.



The Company manufactures probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. The Company&#8217;s primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to the drinkable products
 Lifeway manufactures &#8220;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#8221; a line of various farmer cheeses.







































10
266
319







9
388
067







9
777
033









110
297
098





90
441
363





73
003
926









7
867
980





7
126
630





4
628
990









1
784
319





2
010
034





2
344
058











130
215
716







108
966
094







89
754
007











On April 6
 2015 and May 14
 2015
 the Company received letters (the &#8220;Nasdaq Notices&#8221;) from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) notifying the Company that because it had not yet filed with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2015 (the &#8220;First Quarter Form 10-Q&#8221;)
 the Company is not in compliance with the periodic filing requirements for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).&#160;&#160;The Company
 by filing this report
 has filed the Form 10-K. The Company is diligently working to file the First Quarter&#160;Form 10-Q and the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30
 2015 (the &#8220;Second Quarter Form 10-Q&#8221;) and to regain compliance with Nasdaq Rule 5250(c)(1).



On August 11
 2015
 The Private Bank agreed to extend the due date for the Company to deliver its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 until August 14
 2015 as well as&#160;the due date for the Company to deliver its First Quarter Form 10-Q to September 30
 2015 and its Second Quarter Form 10-Q to October 15
 2015.&#160;&#160;On August 11
 2015
 The Private Bank also extended the maturity date for the revolving credit facility to&#160;July 31
&#160;2016.







































On June 24
 2014
 after determining that the Company would benefit from the review
 advice and perspective of a new auditing firm
 the Company dismissed Plante Moran
 PLLC (&#8220;PM&#8221;) as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company effective immediately. The Board and the Audit Committee of the Board (the &#8220;Audit Committee&#8221;) approved the dismissal of PM.


During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the subsequent interim period through June 24
 2014
 there were no: (1) disagreements with PM on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedures
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to their satisfaction
 would have caused them to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement
 or (2) reportable events under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K except as set forth below.


As disclosed in Item 9A of our annual report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls were not effective because a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to the classification of certain costs and expenses. Specifically
 the Company and its auditors determined during the audit of our financial statements that certain post-closing adjustments were required with respect to our classification of certain direct manufacturing costs from general and administrative to cost of goods sold
 primarily consisting of utilities
 wage related expenses and overhead.


As disclosed in Item 9A of our annual report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls were not effective because pervasive material weaknesses existed in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically
 we had material weaknesses arising from a lack of segregation of duties in financial reporting
 a fragmented financial statement preparation process with various levels of input and control resulting from the use of external consultants for the processing and preparation of our financial statements
 inadequate systems used to identify
 record and review period end activity and calculations of inventory and inadequate entity level controls.


The audit reports of PM on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles.


The audit report of PM on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013 did contain an adverse opinion but did not contain a disclaimer of opinion nor was it modified or qualified as to the uncertainty
 audit scope
 or accounting principles. The adverse opinion as of December 31
 2013 was due to the effect of the material weaknesses and PM concluded in its audit report that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as a result of the material weaknesses reported in Item 9A of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 described above.


On June 20
 2014
 the Registrant engaged Crowe Horwath LLP as the Company&#8217;s new independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31
 2014. The engagement was approved by the Audit Committee and the Board. During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the subsequent interim period prior to the engagement of Crowe Horwath LLP
 the Company did not consult with Crowe Horwath LLP regarding any of the matters or events set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(i) and (ii) of Regulation S-K.









We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure material information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 we recognized that a control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.















As of the end of the period covered by this report
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)). Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31
 2014 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the Exchange Act rules and forms due to the material weaknesses described below. As a result
 we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly
 management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present
 in all material respects
 our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.



Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer
 and effected by the Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:








pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;













provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that our receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and













provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.




Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the level of compliance with related policies or procedures may deteriorate.

During 2014 and continuing through&#160;the date of this filing
 management has allocated significant time and resources toward improving its overall control structure including (a) the remediation of the pervasive material weaknesses identified in the company&#8217;s 2013 Form 10-K (b) the remediation of additional material weaknesses identified during 2014 and (c) improving other control deficiencies.&#160; Consequently
 we were unable to perform a complete assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2014.&#160;&#160;Based on our incomplete assessment however
 our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December&#160;31
 2014 because of the material weaknesses identified below.&#160;







































The Company has not established an effective program for monitoring the design and operational effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting whether manual or IT related&#160;on an on-going basis
 including the testing and other procedures necessary to ensure that material weaknesses and other control deficiencies are identified and remediated in a timely fashion
 thus causing differences in accordance with GAAP which could materially impact the financial statements.&#160;











The Audit Committee&#8217;s oversight of accounting
 financial reporting and internal control matters has not been effective.























The financial statement preparation process requires the involvement of a small team of both company employees and outside consultants and such involvement is not consistently reviewed
 coordinated or timely.&#160;











The Company has not consistently demonstrated effective preparation
 support and review practices over journal entries and account reconciliations.











Accounting For Corporate Credit Card Expenditures &#8211; The Company did not maintain sufficient internal controls over corporate credit card expenditures used by senior management and others&#160;to ensure compliance with its policies and practices for the timely and accurate accounting for
 and reimbursement of these expenses.




























Accounting for income taxes &#8211; The Company did not have adequate design or operation of controls that provide reasonable assurance that the accounting for income taxes&#160;was in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Specifically
 we relied on third-party subject matter experts and did not have sufficient technical expertise in the income tax function to provide adequate review and control with respect to (a) the complete and accurate recording of inputs to the consolidated income tax provision and related accruals; and (b) identification and ongoing evaluation of uncertain tax positions.










We have made remediation of our control deficiencies a top priority for Lifeway and we are committed to continually improving our internal controls over financial reporting.&#160; Under the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
 management has launched a dual path for its remediation.&#160; One path toward remediation is broadly aimed at fundamental changes while the other path is more narrowly focused on the specifics of our control deficiencies.&#160;&#160;











During December 2014
 the Company identified and engaged an outside consultant to perform the function of internal audit.&#160; In 2015
 the consultant began assisting us in documenting
 evaluating and improving the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.














During December 2014
 the newly established Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the &#8220;Committee&#8221;) has hired outside advisors to advise the Committee and the Company on developing and/or changing processes
 procedures and policies related to compensation practices
 including expense reimbursement.




























In July 2015
 the Company hired a Vice President of Finance with public company reporting experience and hired an assistant to the controller.&#160; These additions to the Company&#8217;s management and staff were made to enable more effective and consistent leadership and organizational focus on accounting
 financial reporting and internal controls among other things. &#160;




















































The Company developed and implemented a plan to simplify the process of recording fixed asset additions
 improve the related segregation of duties and improve the related monitoring controls.&#160; Testing of the effectiveness of the new process is planned in 2015.&#160;



























The Company has instituted more frequent and regular reviews and approvals&#160;of expense reimbursement requests
 classification of reimbursed employee expenses
 improved segregation of duties&#160;relating to such reimbursements and reduced the number of employees granted a corporate credit card. &#160;






We believe that the remediation measures discussed above will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal controls over financial reporting
 we may determine that additional measures are necessary to address control deficiencies. Moreover
 we may decide to modify certain of the remediation measures we implement as we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal controls over financial reporting.



Except as discussed above there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.





























DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.





LUDMILA SMOLYANSKY
 65
 was appointed as a Director by the Board to fill a vacancy created by an increase of the maximum number of Directors up to seven and unanimously elected as the Chairperson of the Board in November 2002. For more than 20 years
 Mrs. Smolyansky has been the operator of several independent delicatessen
 gourmet food distributorship businesses and imported food distributorships. In 2002
 prior to the commencement of her tenure as a Director
 she was hired by the Company as its General Manager. Mrs. Smolyansky devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company and currently holds no other directorships in any other reporting company. Mrs. Smolyansky is the mother of Julie Smolyansky (the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and a Director of the Company) and Edward P. Smolyansky (the Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer and Secretary of the Company). Mrs. Smolyansky brings many years of food industry experience to the Board.

JULIE SMOLYANSKY
 40
 was appointed as a Director
 and elected President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company by the Board of Directors to fill the vacancies in those positions created by the death of her father
 Michael Smolyansky
 in June 2002. She is a graduate with a Bachelor&#8217;s degree from the University of Illinois at Chicago. Prior to her appointment
 Ms. Smolyansky spent six years as the Company&#8217;s Director of Sales and Marketing. She devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company and currently holds no other directorships in any other reporting company. Ms. Smolyansky is the daughter of Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Chairperson of the Board. In 2004
 Ms. Smolyansky resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Edward Smolyansky
 Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s brother
 was appointed to such positions. Ms. Smolyansky brings historical and operational expertise and experience to the Board.

POL SIKAR
 67
 has been a Director of the Company since its inception in February 1986. He is a graduate with a Master&#8217;s degree from the Odessa State Institute of Civil Engineering in Russia. For more than 14 years
 he has been President and a major shareholder of Montrose Glass &amp; Mirror Co.
 a company providing glass and mirror products to the wholesale and retail trade in the greater Chicago area. Mr. Sikar devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company. Mr. Sikar holds no other directorships in any other reporting company. Mr. Sikar has been a Director since inception and brings a historical perspective to the Board.

RENZO BERNARDI
 77
 has been a Director of the Company since 1994. Mr. Bernardi is the president and founder of Renzo &amp; Sons
 Inc.
 a dairy and food service company which has been in business since 1969 (formerly
 Renzo-Milk Distribution Systems). He has over 30 years of experience in the dairy distribution industry. Mr. Bernardi is a graduate of Instituto Teonico E Commerciale of Macomer
 Sardinia. Mr. Bernardi devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company. Mr. Bernardi holds no other directorships in any other reporting company. Mr. Bernardi brings deep industry experience to the Board.

PAUL LEE
 40
 was elected as a Director of the Company to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors in July 2012. Mr. Lee is currently CEO and Co-founder at Roniin LLC. Previously
 Mr. Lee was a General Partner at Lightbank LLC and was a founding member and Senior Vice President at the Peacock Equity Fund. Mr. Lee brings financial and strategic experience to the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. Mr. Lee devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company and currently holds no other directorships in any other reporting company


JASON SCHER
 40
 was elected as a Director of the Company to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors in July 2012. Mr. Scher is the Chief Operating Officer of Vosges Haut-Chocolat
 currently the leading super premium brand of Chocolate the US.&#160; Additionally he is currently a Principal of a Real Estate Development Company focused on affordable housing in the Chicago Area.&#160; Mr. Scher previously served as a principal in a New York based Construction Management Company that performed work nationwide.&#160; Mr. Scher started his career with XandO coffee bar/COSI Sandwich Bar in their Real Estate and Construction group.&#160; His strong leadership has been instrumental in laying a foundation for an entrepreneurial growing business. Mr. Scher also brings financial and strategic experience to the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. Mr. Scher devotes as much time as necessary to the business of the Company and currently holds no other directorships in any other reporting company.















MARIANO LOZANO
 48
 has been a director of the Company since March 2015. He is an Argentine citizen and was appointed President and CEO of the Dannon Company
 Inc.
 effective January 1
 2014. From March 2009 to December 2013
 Mr. Lozano was General Manager of DANONE Brazil. Mr. Lozano started his career in various sales functions at Cerveceria y Malteria Quilmes
 leader of the Argentinean beer market
 and was then appointed Sales Director of Pilsbury Argentina. Mr. Lozano joined DANONE in March
 2000 as General Manager of Logistica La Serenisima S.A.
 in charge of sales and distribution for DANONE and La Serenisima products in Argentina. From 2004 to 2006 he was General Manager of DANONE Slovakia and from January 2006 to May 2009
 General Manager of DANONE Clover (Pty) in South Africa. Mr. Lozano has been designated by DS Waters
 LP (as the related successor to The Dannon Company
 Inc.) to be its representative to the Board. Mr. Lozano holds an Industrial Engineer Diploma from the University of Buenos Aires
 Argentina and brings deep industry experience.




The Company&#8217;s executive officers are Julie Smolyansky
 Chief Executive Officer
 President and a member of the Board
 and Edward Smolyansky
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary.&#160;&#160;Biographical information for Ms. Smolyansky is included above in Proposal One.

EDWARD P. SMOLYANSKY
 35
 was appointed as Chief Financial and Accounting Officer and Treasurer of Lifeway in November 2004. He was also appointed Chief Operating Officer and Secretary in 2012. He had served as the Controller of the Company from June 2002 until 2004.&#160;&#160;He received his baccalaureate degree in finance from Loyola University of Chicago in December 2001. Edward P. Smolyansky is the brother of Company President and Chief Executive Officer Julie Smolyansky and the son of Lifeway&#8217;s Chairperson of the Board
 Ludmila Smolyansky.




Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of its Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Commission and to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file.&#160;&#160;Based on the Company&#8217;s review of the copies of such forms received by it
 or written representations from certain reporting persons
 the Company believes that none of its directors
 executive officers or persons who beneficially own more than 10% of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) reporting requirements in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#8220;Last Fiscal Year&#8221;).




Julie Smolyansky
 the President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director of Lifeway is the daughter of Ludmila Smolyansky
 Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Lifeway and the sister of Edward P. Smolyansky. Edward P. Smolyansky
 the Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary of Lifeway is the son of Ludmila Smolyansky and the brother of Julie Smolyansky.





. Any person may
 without charge
 request a copy of such Code of Ethics by contacting the Company at (847) 967-1010 or by email at 





The Board currently does not provide a formal process for shareholders to send communications to the Board.&#160;&#160;In the opinion of the Board
 it is appropriate for the Company not to have such a process in place because the Board believes there is currently not a need for a formal policy due to
 among other things
 the limited number of shareholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;While the Board will
 from time to time
 review the need for a formal policy
 at the present time
 shareholders who wish to contact the Board may do so by submitting any communications to the Company&#8217;s Secretary
 Edward Smolyansky
 at 6431 West Oakton
 Morton Grove
 Illinois 60053
 (847) 967-1010
 with an instruction to forward the communication to a particular director or the Board as a whole.&#160;&#160;Mr. Smolyansky will receive the correspondence and forward it to any individual director or directors to whom the communication is directed.





















The Board oversees the Company&#8217;s risk management including understanding the risks the Company faces and what steps management is taking to manage those risks
 as well as understanding what level of risk is appropriate for the Company.&#160;&#160;The Board&#8217;s role in the Company&#8217;s risk oversight process includes receiving regular updates from members of senior management on areas of material risk to the Company
 including operational
 financial
 legal and regulatory
 human resources
 employment
 and strategic risks.

Since 2004
 the positions of Chairperson of the Board of the Company and Chief Executive of the Company have been held by different individuals.&#160;&#160;Currently
 Ludmila Smolyansky serves as Chairperson of the Board of the Company and Julie Smolyansky as Chief Executive of the Company.&#160;&#160;These two individuals provide leadership to the Board of Directors by setting the agenda for Board meetings
 preparing information and alternatives for presentation to the Board and leading discussions among
 and facilitating decision making by
 the Board of Directors.

The Board believes that this structure is appropriate because it results in a balanced leadership
 combining a separate Chairperson together with a member of management involved in the day-to-day operation of the Company&#8217;s business.

The Board intends to meet at least quarterly and the independent directors serving on the Board intend to meet in executive session (i.e.
 without the presence of any non-independent directors and management) immediately following at least two regularly scheduled Board meetings. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#8220;Last Fiscal Year&#8221;)
 the Board held four (4) meetings.&#160;&#160;Each current member of the Board
 who was then serving
 attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board on which they served in the Last Fiscal Year. Paul Lee
 Jason Scher
 Pol Sikar and Renzo Bernardi are considered &#8220;independent&#8221; under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Company does not currently have a policy in place regarding attendance by Board members at the Company&#8217;s annual meetings. However
 each of the current directors
 who was then serving
 attended the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

The Board has three standing committees
 consisting of an Audit Committee
 a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee.




The Audit Committee consisted of Messrs. Sikar
 Bernardi and Lee in the Last Fiscal Year. In August 2015 Mr. Jason Scher was elected as a member of the Audit Committee to fill the vacancy created upon the resignation of Mr. Bernardi as a member of the Audit Committee.&#160;&#160;In August 2015
 Mr. Lee was elected as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee held four (4) meetings in the Last Fiscal Year.&#160; The Audit Committee has met with the Company&#8217;s management and the Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm to review and help ensure the adequacy of its internal controls and to review the results and scope of the auditors&#8217; engagement and other financial reporting and control matters.&#160; Mr. Lee is financially literate and financially sophisticated
 as those terms are defined under the rules of Nasdaq.&#160; Mr. Lee is also a financial expert
 as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.&#160; Messrs. Sikar
 Bernardi
 Lee and Scher are considered &#8220;independent&#8221; under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq.


The Audit Committee has adopted a formal written charter (the &#8220;Audit Charter&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Audit Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Company has adequate internal controls and is required to meet with the Company&#8217;s auditors to review these internal controls and to discuss other financial reporting matters.&#160;&#160;The Audit Committee is also responsible for the appointment
 compensation and oversight of the auditors.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 the Audit Committee is responsible for the review and oversight of all related party transactions and other potential conflict of interest situations between the Company and its officers
 directors
 employees and principal shareholders.&#160;&#160;The Audit Charter is available on the Company&#8217;s Internet website at 


















The Compensation Committee consisted of Messrs. Scher
 Lee and Bernardi in the Last Fiscal Year. In August 2015 Mr. Bernardi resigned as a member of the Compensation Committee.&#160;&#160;Mr. Scher is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee was established in December 2014. Accordingly
 it held no meetings during the Last Fiscal Year.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee approves the compensation package of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Executive Officer
 approves the levels of compensation and benefits payable to the Company&#8217;s other executive officers
 reviews general policy matters relating to employee compensation and benefits.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee also approves the compensation package of the Company&#8217;s directors.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee has the authority to appoint and delegate to a sub-committee the authority to make grants and administer bonus and compensation plans and programs.&#160;&#160;Messrs. Scher
 Lee and Bernardi are considered &#8220;independent&#8221; under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq.

The Compensation Committee has adopted a formal written charter (the &#8220;Compensation Charter&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Compensation Charter sets forth the duties
 authorities and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Charter is available on the Company&#8217;s Internet website at 

In December 2014
 the Compensation Committee was formed and its charter was approved by the Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee
 when determining executive compensation (including under the executive compensation program
 as discussed below under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis)
 evaluates the potential risks associated with the compensation policies and practices.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee believes that the Company&#8217;s compensation programs are designed with an appropriate balance of risk and reward in relation to the Company&#8217;s overall compensation philosophy and do not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk-taking behavior.&#160;&#160;In general
 the Company compensates its executives in cash and certain perquisites.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s current equity incentive plan is no longer subject to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-8 and is not being used by the Company. Because of the ownership levels of the executive officer
 this type of compensation structure has not been considered to encourage excessive or unnecessary risk-taking behavior.&#160;&#160;As a result
 we do not believe that risks relating to our compensation policies and practices for our employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Compensation Committee is currently evaluating whether additional or different elements of compensation
 such as stock incentive awards
 should be included in order to achieve the most effective combination in motivating and retaining our executive officers at this stage in our development.&#160;&#160;The Company intends to recapture compensation as required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.&#160;&#160;However
 there have been no instances where it needed to recapture any compensation.

Pursuant to its Charter
 the Compensation Committee is authorized to retain and terminate
 without Board or management approval
 the services of an independent compensation consultant to provide advice and assistance. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to approve the consultant&#8217;s fees and other retention terms
 and reviews the independence of the consultant and any other services that the consultant or the consultant&#8217;s firm may provide to the company. The chair of the Compensation Committee reviews
 negotiates and executes an engagement letter with the compensation consultant. The compensation consultant directly reports to the Compensation Committee.

Pursuant to the authority granted under its charter
 our Compensation Committee hired Towers Watson Delaware
 Inc. (&#8220;Towers Watson&#8221;) to advise on the compensation structure and awards
 including whether and how to use equity as compensation and adopting a performance-based incentive plan
 and to provide market data and other analysis for compensation of executive officers and members of our Board of Directors and to provide advice in connection with other compensation related policies and procedures. Prior to making its decisions for an executive officer other than the CEO
 the Compensation Committee receives recommendations from the CEO as to the amounts and types of compensation and other awards for such executive officer.

The Compensation Committee believes that there is no conflict of interest based on any prior relationship with Towers Watson. In reaching this conclusion
 our Compensation Committee considered the factors set forth in the SEC and NASDAQ rules regarding compensation advisor independence.


















The Compensation Committee currently consists of Messrs. Scher and Lee.&#160;&#160;None of such members was
 at any time during the Last Fiscal Year or at any previous time
 an officer or employee of the Company.





The Nominating Committee consisted of Messrs. Scher
 Lee and Bernardi in the Last Fiscal Year. In August 2015 Mr. Bernardi resigned as a member of the Nominating Committee.&#160;&#160;Mr. Scher is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee.&#160;&#160;The Nominating Committee was established in December 2014. Accordingly
 it held no meetings during the Last Fiscal Year.&#160;&#160;The Nominating Committee evaluates and approves nominations for annual election to
 and to fill any vacancies in
 the Board and recommends to the Board the directors to serve on committees of the Board.&#160;&#160;Messrs. Scher
 Lee and Bernardi are considered &#8220;independent&#8221; under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq.



The Nominating Committee will consider any candidates recommended by shareholders.&#160;&#160;In considering a candidate submitted by shareholders
 the Nominating Committee will take into consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate.&#160;&#160;Nevertheless
 the Board may choose not to consider an unsolicited recommendation if no vacancy exists on the Board and/or the Board does not perceive a need to increase the size of the Board.&#160;&#160;Shareholders should submit any recommendations of director candidates to the Company&#8217;s Secretary
 Mr. Smolyansky
 at 6431 West Oakton
 Morton Grove
 Illinois 60053
 (847) 967-1010.

There are no specific minimum qualifications that the Nominating Committee believes must be met by a Nominating Committee-recommended director nominee.&#160;&#160;However
 the Nominating Committee believes that director candidates should
 among other things
 possess high degrees of integrity and honesty; have literacy in financial and business matters; have no material affiliations with direct competitors
 suppliers or vendors of the Company; and preferably have experience in the Company&#8217;s business and other relevant business fields (for example
 finance
 accounting
 law and banking).&#160;&#160;The Nominating Committee considers diversity together with the other factors considered when evaluating candidates but does not have a specific policy in place with respect to diversity.


























In the paragraphs that follow
 the Compensation Committee provides an overview and analysis of our compensation program and policies
 the material compensation decisions made under those programs and policies with respect to our executive officers
 and the material factors considered in making those decisions.

The Compensation Committee reviews
 analyzes and approves the compensation of our executive officers
 including the &#8220;Named Executive Officers&#8221; listed in the tables that follow this Compensation Discussion and Analysis.&#160;&#160;Our Named Executive Officers for 2014 were:

Julie Smolyansky
 President and Chief Executive Officer; and

Edward Smolyansky
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary.






In general
 we operate in a marketplace where competition for talented executives is intense and significant.&#160;&#160;The dairy health food industry is highly competitive and includes companies with far greater resources than ours.&#160;&#160;We are engaged in the manufacture of probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. Our primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to kefir
 Lifeway manufactures &#8220;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#8221; a line of various farmer cheeses.



We are a growth Company and have continued year after year to increase our gross sales
 net sales and stockholders&#8217; equity. In 2014
 our gross sales increased $21
249
622 (approximately 20%) to $130
215
716. Our total consolidated net sales in 2014 increased by $21
435
471 (approximately 22%) to $118
959
613. Total stockholders&#8217; equity was $44
699
712
 which is an increase of $1
750
590 when compared to December 31
 2013. This is primarily due to $1
956
404 in net income in 2014. The Board of Directors recognizes that the continued growth of the Company is a result of the efforts
 skill and experience of the Company&#8217;s management
 specifically the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 the experience
 knowledge and guidance of the Chairman of the Board
 and the oversight of the Board of Directors.


Continuity of personnel across multi-disciplinary functions is critical to the success and continued growth of our business.&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 since we have relatively few employees
 each must perform a broad scope of functions
 and there is very little redundancy in skills. The unique production process for Kefir
 which is not widely known
 requires specific knowledge and skills
 as well as the multiple functions that our executives perform and may make it difficult to attract and retain talented executives. The Company has in the past considered the specific challenges and achievements of the Company and the Company&#8217;s financial performance and growth when approving Named Executive Officer compensation.

In December 2014
 we formed our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee
 pursuant to the powers granted in its charter
 is evaluating the current compensation of our Named Executive Officers and will determine whether additional or different elements of compensation should be included in order to achieve the most effective combination in motivating and retaining our Named Executive Officers at this stage in our development and to ensure that our compensation procedures
 policies and awards are commensurate with market standards and appropriately aligned with stockholder interests.

In 2015
 the Compensation Committee engaged Towers Watson
 a global professional services firm
 to advise on the compensation structure and awards
 including whether and how to use equity as compensation and adopting a performance-based incentive plan
 and to provide market data and other analysis for compensation of Named Executive Officers and members of our Board of Directors as well as to provide advice in connection with other compensation related policies and procedures.

















The objectives of our compensation program for our Named Executive Officers and other employees are to provide competitive cash compensation and health and retirement benefits.&#160;&#160;Our Company seeks to promote healthy lifestyles for individuals and families through its products and its culture
 including its compensation program.

Individual performance is measured subjectively taking into account Company and individual progress toward overall corporate goals
 as well as each individual&#8217;s skills
 experience
 and responsibilities
 together with corporate and individual progress in the areas of regulatory compliance
 business development
 employee development
 and other values designed to build a culture of high performance.&#160;&#160;No particular weight is assigned to these measures
 and the Compensation Committee is of the view that much of the Company&#8217;s progress results from team effort.&#160;&#160;These policies and practices are based on the principle that total compensation should serve to attract and retain those executives and employees critical to our overall success and are designed to reward executives for their contributions toward business performance that enhances shareholder value.




Our Compensation Committee assists our Board of Directors by discharging responsibilities relating to the compensation of our Named Executive Officers.&#160;&#160;As such
 the Compensation Committee has responsibility over certain matters relating to the fair and competitive compensation of our executives
 employees and directors (only non-employee directors are compensated as directors) as well as matters relating to equity-based benefit plans
 if any.&#160;&#160;Each of the members of our Compensation Committee is independent in accordance with the criteria of independence set forth in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules.&#160;&#160;We believe that their independence from management allows the members of the Compensation Committee to provide unbiased consideration of various elements that could be included in an executive compensation program and apply independent judgment about which elements best achieve our compensation objectives.

In December 2014
 the Compensation Committee was formed and its charter was approved by the Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;Prior to that
 the entire Board of Directors performed the functions of the Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the charter
 the Compensation Committee is responsible for
 among other things:






































evaluating and setting
 in conjunction with the Chief Executive Officer
 the compensation of other officers;









































evaluating
 considering and approving
 in its discretion
 grants and awards made under the Company&#8217;s equity-based compensation plans
 if any
 subject to any limitations prescribed by the Board and subject to any authority delegated by the Committee to the subcommittee described below;













evaluating
 considering and approving
 in its discretion
 compensation for non-employee members of the Board of Directors; and


















Pursuant to its charter
 the Compensation Committee is authorized to retain and terminate
 without Board or management approval
 the services of an independent compensation consultant to provide advice and assistance. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to approve the consultant&#8217;s fees and other retention terms
 and reviews the independence of the consultant and any other services that the consultant or the consultant&#8217;s firm may provide to the company. The chair of the Compensation Committee reviews
 negotiates and executes an engagement letter with the compensation consultant. The compensation consultant directly reports to the Compensation Committee.

Our Compensation Committee engaged Towers Watson to advise on the compensation structure and awards
 in including whether and how to use equity as compensation and adopting a performance-based incentive plan
 and to provide market data and other analysis for compensation of Named Executive Officers and members of our Board of Directors
 as well as to provide advice in connection with other compensation related policies and procedures.



To achieve the objectives described above
 the three primary compensation elements used for Named Executive Officers are currently base salary
 cash bonus and payment of certain perquisites.&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors has previously determined that this was an effective combination in motivating and retaining our Named Executive Officers. The Company&#8217;s current equity incentive plan is no longer subject to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-8 and is not being used by the Company. The Compensation Committee will evaluate whether additional or different elements of compensation should be included in order to achieve the most effective combination in motivating and retaining our Named Executive Officers at this stage in our development.

























































Named Executive Officers are generally eligible for increases annually
 depending on Company and individual performance.



































Generally
 every employee is eligible to earn an annual cash incentive award
 promoting alignment and pay-for-performance at all levels of the organization.








The Company does not have a formalized cash incentive award plan
 and awards are based on the subjective recommendation of the President and Chief Executive Officer (except as to the Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s cash bonus) and
 previously
 on the Board of Directors&#8217; subjective judgment and
 going forward
 on the Compensation Committee&#8217;s subjective judgment.


























Perquisites for the Named Executive Officers have in the past included automobile allowances
 401(k) matching
 and other items discussed below.







Historically
 we have not used quantitative methods in setting any element of executive compensation
 nor have we utilized other companies for benchmarking purposes because the Company believes that those businesses which would be most comparable to the Company are either privately held or too different in size and structure. We use discretion
 guided in large part by the concept of pay-for-performance
 and we consider all elements of an executive&#8217;s compensation package when setting each portion of compensation.&#160;&#160;Year-to-year changes in base salary have usually been relatively modest based on past and projected growth of the Company
 reviewed quarterly.&#160;&#160;Bonuses have usually been paid to all Named Executive Officers when they were paid at all to any employees.&#160;&#160;We may choose other compensation approaches if circumstances warrant. Going forward
 the Compensation Committee will consider relative levels of compensation among the Named Executive Officers.


When determining compensation for a new executive officer
 and when annually reviewing the compensation for our executive officers
 factors taken into consideration include:










the individual&#8217;s skills
 knowledge and experience;









































any present and expected compensation information obtained from other prospective candidates interviewed during the recruitment process
 if applicable.




Determination of bonuses for executive officers is guided in large part by the concept of pay-for-performance. We consider the growth of the Company
 its financial performance
 changes in stockholder value and all elements of an executive&#8217;s compensation package when setting each portion of compensation.

















In setting our executive compensation for 2014
 no specific benchmarking activities were undertaken.

Beginning this year and going forward
 the Compensation Committee will review and determine annually the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer.&#160;&#160;Each year
 recommendations for the compensation for other executive officers (other than herself) will be prepared by the Chief Executive Officer and reviewed with the Compensation Committee and modified by it where appropriate.

In order to assess the performance of a full calendar year
 annual cash incentive awards are generally determined in December of each year.

As a result of the formation of the Compensation Committee in December 2014
 the Board of Directors did not establish compensation for Named Executive Officers in 2015. The Named Executive Officers and the Compensation Committee determined to continue the 2014 levels of compensation until the Compensation Committee completes its review of market standards and current Company practices. Factors the Compensation Committee will consider in reviewing and adjusting the Named Executive Officers&#8217; 2015 compensation levels include market levels of compensation of similarly situated executive officers at comparable companies
 advice of the independent compensation consultant relating to market levels and structure of compensation
 the overall position and progress of the Company
 and the skills
 experience
 responsibilities
 achievements
 industry knowledge and historical compensation of each of the Named Executive Officers.&#160;&#160;In approving current compensation levels
 consideration was given to the current effects and future prospects resulting from the Company&#8217;s acquisition of the Wisconsin facility in July 2013
 the Company&#8217;s expansion and plans for expansion outside of the United States and the multiple functions that the Named Executive Officers fulfill as a result of the limited number of employees of the Company.



The amount of compensation earned by each of the Named Executive Officers during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is shown in the Summary Compensation Table below.

In December 2014
 the Board of Directors
 in anticipation of the Compensation Committee&#8217;s meeting
 did not establish the salaries of the Named Executive Officers for 2015.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee determined&#160;&#160;in its first meeting in 2015 that the salaries of the Named Executive Officers for 2015 are&#160;&#160;being maintained at the same level as in 2014 pending completion of a review by the Compensation Committee and hiring of a compensation consultant.

Ms. Smolyansky serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to an employment agreement effective December 12
 2002.&#160;&#160;In 2014 the Board of Directors awarded a cash bonus award of $100
000. As discussed above
 Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s base salary in 2015 is being maintained at $1
338
789.

Mr. Smolyansky serves as our Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary. Mr. Smolyansky does not have an employment agreement.&#160;&#160;In 2014 the Board of Directors awarded a cash bonus award of $100
000 to Mr. Smolyansky. As discussed above
 Mr. Smolyansky&#8217;s base salary in 2015 is being maintained at $1
340
849.







The Company provides a Company-leased vehicle to each of the Named Executive Officers
 as their positions require travel offsite frequently to locations for which other types of transportation expenses would be inefficient. The Company vehicle that may be used for personal use as well as business use. The Company treats the costs such vehicles as taxable compensation to the named executive officer.

By reason of the role of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in exploring
 planning and implementing the expansion of the Company&#8217;s distribution of products
 and in supporting and developing the Lifeway brand
 which require extensive travel
 make on-camera and personal appearances and require them to be in the public eye
 we pay for a number of expenses to assist Ms. Smolyansky and Mr. Smolyansky in fulfilling these Company responsibilities that
 under SEC regulations
 are required to be included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table set forth below. In order to simplify the reimbursement of certain non-delineated expenses to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 the Company has allowed the use of the corporate credit card by each of them in lieu of individual expense reimbursement. In 2014
 certain amounts charged on corporate credit cards by the Named Executive Officers were included in the non-accountable expense plan and treated as compensation to the applicable Named Executive Officer.
















The Compensation Committee is currently reviewing the Company&#8217;s practices relating to perquisites and personal benefits for our Named Executive Officers and other employees. Pursuant to its discretion
 the Compensation Committee
 with the counsel of its outside advisors
 intends to adopt an Expense Reimbursement Policy for the executive officers and other employees. The policy will revise
 amend
 limit or add to the current practices and policies of the Company with respect to perquisites and personal benefits. The adoption of the Expense Reimbursement Policy will address certain material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting as discussed in Item 9A. As further remediation of the material weaknesses the Company has instituted more frequent and regular reviews and approval&#160;of expense reimbursement requests
 classification of reimbursed employee expenses
 improved segregation of duties&#160;relating to such reimbursements and reduced the number of employees granted a corporate credit card.





Ludmila Smolyansky has been and continues to be an important part of the Company&#8217;s success and growth through her roles as Chairman of the Board and consultant to the Company&#8217;s management. Ms. Smolyansky has been involved in the health food market for over 40 years. Her knowledge of the history of the Company and the industry is invaluable to the Company. Additionally
 Ms. Smolyansky has a vast knowledge of markets outside of the Unites States and products related to the Company&#8217;s current product line.


As Chairman of the Board
 Ms. Smolyansky guides the board in the analysis of strategic development of the Company. She brings to bear her historical knowledge of the Company and industry to advise the Board on what has and can be successful strategies and what strategies have not been successful and why. Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s business acumen allows her to lead the Board in successful long term strategic planning. Ms. Smolyansky did not receive any additional retainer fees or other meeting attendance fees in her capacity as a director.


Ms. Smolyansky has also been a consultant to Company&#8217;s management.&#160;&#160;Ms. Smolyansky uses her experience and expertise to assist management in more detailed and specific strategic planning and management of such strategies. Specifically
 in 2014
 Ms. Smolyansky assisted management with recent efforts to expand production and distribution outside of the United States
 including developing plans and strategies for geographic expansion in Canada
 Europe
 Mexico
 the Caribbean
 Canada and other locations
 and plans for increasing distribution in those locations in an efficient and productive way. Ms. Smolyansky provided advice to management about when and where to expand
 the most efficient and effective methods for distribution in different geographic areas
 guidance relating to negotiating with parties outside of the United States and establishing plans for future expansion in the coming years.&#160;&#160;Ms. Smolyansky also assists in the development of recipes and new products
 and new product and facility acquisition. In 2014
 Ms. Smolyansky was paid $718
260 in cash. Ms. Smolyansky was also provided the opportunity to participate in the Company&#8217;s health benefit plan and 401(k) plan. The &#8220;all other compensation&#8221; column of the Director Compensation table reflects for Ms. Smolyansky (i) the Company&#8217;s portion of the matching contributions to the Company&#8217;s 401(k) plan on her behalf equal to $12
830 for 2014; and (ii) approximately $7
251 for health insurance premiums.








The Company has no formal policies and/or provisions with respect to the adjustment or recovery of awards or payments if the relative performance measures upon which they are based are restated or otherwise adjusted in a manner that would have reduced the size of an award or payment.&#160;&#160;The Company intends to recapture compensation as currently required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and as may be required by the rules promulgated in response to Dodd-Frank. However
 there have been no instances to date where it needed to recapture any compensation.



























Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 limits tax deductions of public companies on compensation paid to certain executive officers in excess of $1 million.&#160;&#160;The Compensation Committee will
 going forward
 consider the impact of Section 162(m) on its compensation decisions
 but has no formal policy to structure executive compensation so that it complies with the requirements of Section 162(m). The Company&#8217;s intent going forward is to design and administer executive compensation programs in a manner that will preserve the deductibility of compensation paid to the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 while the Compensation Committee reviews the need for a formal policy. One way the Company intends to accomplish this goal is to include performance based bonus criteria in the Company's proxy statement containing submission of say on pay matters to a vote of its stockholders. However
 the Company reserves the right to design programs that recognize a full range of performance criteria important to the Company&#8217;s success
 even where the compensation paid under such programs may not be deductible
 and in any case
 there can be no assurance that the compensation intended to qualify for deductibility under Section 162(m) awarded or paid by the Company will be fully deductible.

The Compensation Committee will monitor the tax and other consequences of the Company&#8217;s executive compensation program as part of its primary objective of ensuring that compensation paid to the Company&#8217;s executive officers is appropriate
 performance-based and consistent with the Company&#8217;s goals and the goals of the Company&#8217;s stockholders.





The following report does not constitute soliciting material and is not considered filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.

The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis that precedes this Report as required by Item 402(b) of the SEC&#8217;s Regulation S-K.&#160;&#160;Based on its review and discussions with management
 the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Proxy Statement.


Respectfully Submitted



Jason Scher
 Chairman






THE FOREGOING COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT SHALL NOT BE &#8220;SOLICITING MATERIAL&#8221; OR BE DEEMED FILED WITH THE SEC
 NOR SHALL SUCH INFORMATION BE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO ANY FILING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR THE EXCHANGE ACT
 EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE COMPANY SPECIFICALLY INCORPORATES IT BY REFERENCE INTO SUCH FILING.





























The following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation received by the Company&#8217;s Named Executive Officers
 consisting of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 for services rendered in all capacities during the Last Fiscal Year.







































$1
338
789
$&#160;&#160; 900
000
$&#160;&#160; 890
903


$100
000
$115
000
$125
000


$186
027 (1)
$&#160;&#160;44
500 (2)
$&#160;&#160;44
280 (3)


$1
624
816
$1
059
500
$1
060
183











Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 








$1
340
849
$1
000
000
$&#160;&#160; 928
403


$100
000
$150
000
$150
000


$216
889 (4)
$&#160;&#160;38
500 (5)
$&#160;&#160;31
280 (6)


$1
657
738
$1
188
500
$1
109
683
















Consists of (a) $142
257 treated as compensation to Ms. Smolyansky under a non-accountable expense plan as further discussed above under &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis &#8211; Benefits Provided to Executive Officers
&#8221; (b) $17
500 representing the Company&#8217;s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan on behalf of Ms. Smolyansky
 (c) $11
778 of health insurance premiums and (d) $14
492 of lease payments related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Ms. Smolyansky.













Consists of (a) $17
500 representing the Company&#8217;s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan on behalf of Ms. Smolyansky
 (b) $12
000 of health insurance premiums and (c) $15
000 related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Ms. Smolyanksy
 including lease payments
 insurance premiums and fuel.













Consists of&#160;&#160;$22
860 related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Ms. Smolyanksy
 including lease payments
 insurance premiums and fuel.














Consists of (a) $177
138 treated as compensation to Mr. Smolyansky under a non-accountable expense plan as further discussed above under &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis &#8211; Benefits Provided to Executive Officers
&#8221; (b) $17
500 representing the Company&#8217;s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan on behalf of Mr. Smolyansky
 (c) $7
251 of health insurance premiums and (d) $14
492 of lease payments related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Mr. Smolyansky.














Consists of (a) $17
500 representing the Company&#8217;s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan on behalf of Mr. Smolyansky
 (b) $6
000 of health insurance premiums and (c) $15
000 related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Mr. Smolyanksy
 including lease payments
 insurance premiums and fuel.













Consists of (a) $17
000 representing the Company&#8217;s matching contributions to the 401(k) plan on behalf of Mr. Smolyansky and (b) $22
860 related to personal usage of a Company leased vehicle by Ms. Smolyanksy
 including lease payments
 insurance premiums and fuel.









Julie Smolyansky has an employment agreement (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;) with the Company pursuant to which she serves as Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 Ms. Smolyansky is entitled to an annual base salary and an annual bonus subject to such incentive bonus targets and plans which the Company may adopt from time to time. The Company has not currently set any such targets in advance or adopted any such plans. In lieu thereof
 Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s salary and&#160;&#160;discretionary bonus are determined on an annual basis concurrently with determining amounts for other executive officers. In the event that (a) Ms. Smolyansky is terminated other than for Cause (as defined therein) or (b) Ms. Smolyansky terminates her employment for Good Reason (as defined therein) or death
 then Ms. Smolyansky is entitled to a lump sum payment consisting of (y) twice her then-current base salary and (z) the aggregate of the annual bonus for which she is then eligible under the Employment Agreement and any plans.



















There are no agreements with the Named Executive Officers that provide for payments in connection with resignation
 retirement
 termination of employment or change in control other than the Employment Agreement described above.




The following table sets forth certain information
 as of July 28
 2015
 regarding the shares of Lifeway&#8217;s Common Stock authorized for issuance under Lifeway&#8217;s equity compensation plan.









Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options
 warrants and rights



Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options
 warrants and rights

















940
000

































On June 9
 1995
 the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the &#8220;Lifeway Foods
 Inc. Consulting and Services Compensation Plan&#8221; (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) covering 1
200
000
 as adjusted
 shares of its Common Stock. The Plan was adopted by the Company on June 5
 1995. Pursuant to such Plan
 the Company may issue common stock or options to purchase common stock to certain consultants
 service providers
 and employees of the Company. There were a total of approximately 940
000 shares eligible for issuance under the Plan at December 31
 2012. The option price
 number of shares
 grant date
 and vesting terms of awards granted under the Plan are determined at the discretion of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. On March 18
 2014 the Company filed a post-effective amendment to the Form S-8 to withdraw and remove from registration the shares of Common Stock registered that remained unissued and unsold as of March 18
 2014.


Outstanding Equity Awards At December 31
 2014


As of December 31
 2014
 there were no stock options outstanding or exercisable and no unvested stock awards.





































718
260



20
081



738
341







22
500







22
500







15
000







15
000























59
500







59
500







36
500







36
500













Of the Fees Paid in Cash
 $718
260 represents the annual fees paid to Ms. Smolyansky for her services as a consultant to the Company on strategic matters including
 without limitation
 plans and strategies for geographic expansion and development of recipes and new products
 and new product and facility acquisition. Ms. Smolyansky did not receive any additional retainer fees or other meeting attendance fees in her capacity as a director.











Represents (i) the Company&#8217;s portion of the matching contributions to the Company&#8217;s 401(k) plan on behalf of Ludmila Smolyansky: $12
830 for 2014; and (ii) $7
251 for health insurance premiums.























As of July 28
 2015
 the Company&#8217;s directors and Named Executive Officers beneficially own
 directly or indirectly
 in the aggregate
 approximately 49.7% of its outstanding Common Stock.&#160;&#160;These shareholders have significant influence over the Company&#8217;s business affairs
 with the ability to control matters requiring approval by the Company&#8217;s shareholders
 including the two proposals set forth in this Proxy Statement as well as approvals of mergers or other business combinations.

The following table sets forth as of July 28
 2015
 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Common Stock as to (i) each person known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock
 (ii) each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 (iii) each of the Company&#8217;s Named Executive Officers
 and (iv) all of the Company&#8217;s directors and executive officers as a group.


































7
310
699











520
373











291
515











3
000











14
900








c/o of Danone Foods
 Inc.

White Plains
 NY 10603-2861



































Danone Foods
 Inc.

White Plains
 NY 10603-2861



3
454
756









GAMCO Investors
 Inc.

Rye
 New York 10580-1435



831
805












8
140
487










































Unless otherwise indicated
 the business address of each person named in the table is c/o Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 6431 Oakton St.
 Morton Grove
 IL 60053.










Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 16
346
017 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 28
 2015.&#160;&#160;Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC
 and includes voting and investment power with respect to shares.&#160;&#160;Shares of Common Stock subject to options
 warrants or other convertible securities exercisable within 60 days after July 28
 2015 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options
 warrants or other convertible securities
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.&#160;&#160;Except as otherwise noted
 the named beneficial owner has the sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock shown.










Includes 7
369
584 shares held by the Ludmila Smolyansky Trust 2/1/05
 of which Ms. Smolyansky is the trustee.










Includes 8
108 shares held by Ms. Smolyansky on behalf of minor children and 1
554 shares held by Ms. Smolyansky&#8217;s spouse.










Based on the numbers of shares reported in the most recent Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G
 as amended
 if applicable
 and filed by such shareholder with the SEC through July 28
 2015 and information provided by the holder or otherwise known to the Company.










Mr. Gabelli directly or indirectly controls or acts as the chief investment officer of Gabelli Funds
 LLC
 GAMCO Asset Management
 Inc. and Teton Advisors
 Inc. The 831
805 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock that Mr. Gabelli may be deemed to beneficially own
 include (i) 5
500 shares held directly by Mr. Gabelli
 (ii) 326 shares held by Gabelli Funds
 LLC
 (iii) 286
305 shares held by GAMCO Asset Management
 Inc.
 and (iv) 213
000 shares held by Teton Advisors
 Inc.













We have determined that there were no related party transactions in excess of $120
000 for each of 2012
 2013 or 2014
 or currently proposed
 involving the Company except for the consulting arrangement with Ludmila Smolyansky
 the Company&#8217;s non-executive Chairman of the Board
 as further discussed in footnote 1 to the Directors&#8217; Compensation table included in Part II
 Item 11 &#8211; Executive Compensation.









Crowe Horwath LLP served as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014. Plante Moran
 PLLC served as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements for the&#160;&#160;fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

The Company&#8217;s Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed by Crowe Horwath LLP for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 and Plante Moran
 PLLC for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;In determining whether to approve a particular audit or permitted non-audit service
 the Audit Committee will consider
 among other things
 whether the service is consistent with maintaining the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm.&#160;&#160;The Audit Committee will also consider whether the independent registered public accounting firm is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service to our Company and whether the service might be expected to enhance our ability to manage or control risk or improve audit quality.&#160;&#160;Specifically
 the Audit Committee has pre-approved the use of Crowe Horwath LLP for detailed
 specific types of services within the following categories of non-audit services: acquisition due diligence and audit services; tax services; and reviews and procedures that the Company requests Crowe to undertake on matters not required by laws or regulations.&#160;&#160;In each case
 the Audit Committee has required management to obtain specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee for any engagements.















Audit Fees
 Audit-Related Fees
 Tax Fees and All Other Fees










December 31


























Plante Moran
 PLLC




Plante Moran
 PLLC








665
248



24
470



345
895





















































665
248



24
470



345
895






In the above table
 in accordance with the SEC&#8217;s definitions and rules
 &#8220;audit fees&#8221; are fees the Company paid Crowe Horwath LLP or Plante Moran
 PLLC for professional services for the audit of the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 included in Form 10-K and included in Form 10-Qs and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements; &#8220;audit-related fees&#8221; are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements; &#8220;tax fees&#8221; are fees for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning; and &#8220;all other fees&#8221; are fees for any services not included in the first three categories.&#160;&#160;All of the services set forth in sections (1) through (4) above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit Committee Charter.

For the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company retained a firm other than Crowe Horwath LLP or Plante Moran
 PLLC for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.































EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.


A list of the Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Report is set forth in Item 8
 which list is incorporated herein by reference.









Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries


December 31
&#160;2014







































































































1
000



10
395



10
445











1
050



10
524



10
524



1
050






















































































10
861



10
806



1
000











10
906



10
826



1
050






















































































9
277



8
332















9
709



8
749





















Uncollectible accounts written off
 net of recoveries.






















































Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.5 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 10
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).












Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).











Revolving Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Term Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000-17363)).











Promissory Note dated September 4
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Lifeway Foods
 Inc. Consulting and Services Compensation Plan
 dated June 5
 1995 (incorporated by reference to Lifeway&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8
 (File No. 333-93306)).











Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).











Stockholders&#8217; Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).











Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999 (amending original Stockholders&#8217; Agreement with Danone Foods
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24
 1999
 and filed January 12
 2000 (File No. 000-17363)).











Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 filed April 30
 2003 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10- QSB/A for the quarter ended September 30
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).











Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 LFI Enterprises
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC and The Private Bank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).











First Modification Agreement dated August 13
 2009 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Second Modification Agreement dated November 12
 2009 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).

























Third Modification Agreement dated February 6
 2010 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Fourth Modification Agreement dated March 31
 2011 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2010 and filed on March 31
 2011 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Fifth Modification Agreement dated June 20
 2011 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2012 and filed on April 1
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Sixth Modification Agreement dated June 13
 2012
 effective as of May 31
 2012
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2012 and filed on April 1
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Seventh Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31
 2013 and filed on May 15
 2013 (File No.&#160;000-17363)).











Eighth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).









Ninth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective as of May 31
 2014
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.









Tenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 28
 2014
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.











Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by and between Charles A. Stanziale
 Jr.
 in his capacity as Chapter 7 Trustee
 by and on behalf of the Estate of Golden Guernsey Dairy
 LLC and Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 14
 2013 and filed on May 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Amendment to Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Assignment of Rents and Leases dated as of September 4
 2013 executed by Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).



























Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 executed by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Eleventh&#160;Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 11
 2015
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.











Code of Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).





















































































































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.







LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.













Date: August 13
&#160;2015



















Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director
















Date: August 13
&#160;2015




















Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary







KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that each individual whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Julie Smolyansky and Edward P. Smolyansky
 and each of them individually
 his or her true and lawful agent
 proxy and attorney-in-fact
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him or her and in his or her name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to (i) act on
 sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto
 (ii) act on
 sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto
 (iii) act on
 sign and file any and all such certificates
 notices
 communications
 reports
 instruments
 agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith
 granting unto such agents
 proxies and attorneys-in-fact
 and each of them individually
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done
 as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person
 and hereby approving
 ratifying and confirming all that such agents
 proxies and attorneys-in-fact
 any of them or any of his
 her or their substitute or substitutes
 may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.







Date: August 13
&#160;2015


















Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and Director















Date: August 13
&#160;2015


































Date: August 13
&#160;2015

































































Date: August 13
&#160;2015


































Date: August 13
&#160;2015


































Date: August 13
&#160;2015














































Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.5 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 10
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).












Articles of Incorporation
 as amended and currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).











Revolving Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Term Note dated February 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000-17363)).











Promissory Note dated September 4
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Lifeway Foods
 Inc. Consulting and Services Compensation Plan
 dated June 5
 1995 (incorporated by reference to Lifeway&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8
 (File No. 333-93306)).











Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).











Stockholders&#8217; Agreement dated October 1
 1999 by and among Danone Foods
 Inc.
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Michael Smolyansky and certain other parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 1999
 and filed October 12
 1999 (File No. 000-17363)).











Letter Agreement dated December 24
 1999 (amending original Stockholders&#8217; Agreement with Danone Foods
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 24
 1999
 and filed January 12
 2000 (File No. 000-17363)).











Employment Agreement
 dated September 12
 2002
 between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and Julie Smolyansky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 filed April 30
 2003 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10- QSB/A for the quarter ended September 30
 2002 (File No. 000-17363)).











Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009 by and among Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 LFI Enterprises
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC and The Private Bank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2009 and filed on February 13
 2009 (File No. 000- 17363)).











First Modification Agreement dated August 13
 2009 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Second Modification Agreement dated November 12
 2009 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Third Modification Agreement dated February 6
 2010 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2009 and filed on March 31
 2010 (File No. 000- 17363)).











Fourth Modification Agreement dated March 31
 2011 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2010 and filed on March 31
 2011 (File No. 000- 17363)).





























Fifth Modification Agreement dated June 20
 2011 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2012 and filed on April 1
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Sixth Modification Agreement dated June 13
 2012
 effective as of May 31
 2012
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC and Starfruit
 LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Lifeway&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2012 and filed on April 1
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Seventh Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 and Starfruit
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31
 2013 and filed on May 15
 2013 (File No.&#160;000-17363)).











Eighth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).









Ninth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement effective as of May 31
 2014
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.









Tenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 28
 2014
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.











Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by and between Charles A. Stanziale
 Jr.
 in his capacity as Chapter 7 Trustee
 by and on behalf of the Estate of Golden Guernsey Dairy
 LLC and Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 14
 2013 and filed on May 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Amendment to Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Rents and Leases and Fixture Filing dated as of September 4
 2013
 by and between Lifeway Foods
 Inc. and The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Lifeway&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated September 30
 2013 and filed on November 14
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).











Assignment of Rents and Leases dated as of September 4
 2013 executed by Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).












Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 executed by Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. to and for the benefit of The PrivateBank and Trust Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 4
 2013 and filed on September 20
 2013 (File No. 000-17363)).












Eleventh&#160;Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 11
 2015
 by and among The PrivateBank and Trust Company
 Lifeway Foods
 Inc.
 Fresh Made
 Inc.
 Helios Nutrition Limited
 Pride of Main Street Dairy
 LLC
 Starfruit
 LLC and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
































Code of Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Lifeway&#8217;s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 31
 2013 and filed on April 2
 2014 (File No. 000-17363)).
























































































































































    














&#8221;) is entered into as of June 24
 2014 with an effective date of May 31
 2014
&#8221;)
 LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
&#8221;)
 FRESH MADE
 INC.
&#8221;)
 HELIOS NUTRITION LIMITED
&#8221;)
 PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC
&#8221;)
 STARFRUIT
 LLC
&#8221;)
 and LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.
&#8221; and together with Lifeway
 FMI
 Helios
 Pride and Starfruit being sometimes collectively referred to as the &#8220;



WHEREAS
 the Bank and the Borrowers (other than LWI which subsequently became a Borrower) previously entered into a Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009
 as amended by that certain First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 13
 2009
 by that certain Second Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated November 12
 2009
 by that certain Third Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2010
 by that certain Fourth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 20
 2011
 by &#8216;that certain Fifth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 20
 2011 and by that certain Sixth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 13
 2012
 by that certain Seventh Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013 and by that certain Eighth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013 (as modified
&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Bank made available to the Borrowers a credit facility.

WHEREAS
 the Borrowers desire
 and the Bank is willing
 to (a) extend the Revolving Loan Maturity Date
 (b) waive Borrowers non-compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio financial covenant for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2014
 and (c) make certain other modifications to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio financial covenant to address certain Capital Expenditures made by Borrowers in connection with the GGD Acquisition
 all upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; and

WHEREAS
 this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document and these Recitals shall be construed as part of this Amendment.

NOW
 THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

. Unless the context otherwise provides or requires


 that all references in the Loan Agreement to (a) &#8220;Obligations&#8221; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 the duties and obligations of the Borrowers under this Amendment
 and (b) &#8220;Loan Documents&#8221; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement&#160;&#160;include
 but not be limited to
 this Amendment and the documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant to this Amendment.















 When used herein and in the Loan Agreement
 the following term shall have the following amended and restated meaning:

&#8221; shall mean May 31
 2015
 unless extended by the Bank pursuant to any modification
 extension or renewal note executed by the Borrowers and accepted by the Bank in its sole and absolute discretion in substitution for the Revolving Note.&#8221;



The Revolving Loan is hereby extended to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date. The Revolving Note is hereby amended by deleting all references to February 6
 2010 (subsequently amended to May 31
 2014) and replacing such references with May 31
 2015.

Commencing the fiscal quarter ending June 30
 2014
 Section 10.2 of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated as follows:

 As of the end of each of its fiscal quarters


 the sum of (i) all income taxes paid in cash by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries
 (ii) all Capital Expenditures which are not financed with Funded Debt (excluding up to $2
400
000 of Capital Expenditures made during the fiscal quarter ended September 30
 2013 which were not financed with Funded Debt and were made in connection with the GGD Acquisition)
 (iii) cash distributions or dividends and (iv) amounts paid to repurchase or redeem stock or equity
 (ii) required payments of principal of Funded Debt (including the Term Loan and 2013 Term Loan
 but excluding the (x) Revolving Loans
 (y) Seller Note and (z) Amani-Helios Note)
 of not less than 1.10 to 1.

Except as specifically set forth herein
 the Revolving Note
 the Term Note
 2013 Term Loan Note and the Loan Documents previously delivered by the Borrowers shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The indebtedness evidenced by the Revolving Note
 Term Note and 2013 Term Loan Note (as hereby amended by this Ninth Modification) is continuing indebtedness of the Borrowers and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a payment
 settlement or novation of the Revolving Note
 Term Note or 2013 Term Loan Note
 or to release or otherwise adversely affect any lien or security interest securing such indebtedness or any rights of the Bank against any party primarily or secondarily liable for such indebtedness.















. The Bank waives the Borrowers&#8217; compliance with Section 10.2 &#8220;Fixed Charge Coverage&#8221; of the Loan Agreement in respect to the Borrowers&#8217; fiscal quarter ended March 31
&#8221;). From and&#160;&#160;after the date of this Amendment
 the Bank hereby waives its right to pursue remedies on account of the FCCR Default. Such waiver (a) shall not be deemed to extend to any other Event of Default which has arisen or may hereafter arise
 whether or not known to the Bank or any Borrower on the date hereof
 (b) shall not be deemed to effect any amendment of the Loan Agreement or any of the Loan Documents
 all of which shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms except as expressly amended hereby and (c) shall not be deemed to establish a custom or course of dealing between the Borrowers and the Bank.





All representations and warranties of each Borrower in the Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party are incorporated herein in full by this reference and are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof
 except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date.

After giving effect to this Amendment
 no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Each Borrower has the power
 and has been duly authorized by all requisite action
 to execute and deliver this Amendment. This Amendment has been duly executed by each Borrower.

This Amendment is the legal
 valid and binding obligation of each Borrower
 enforceable against each Borrower and each of the other Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms
 except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium
 or similar law affecting creditors&#8217; rights generally.

The execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment do not and will not (i) violate any law
 rule
 regulation or court order to which any of the Borrowers is subject; (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of the certificate of formation or incorporation
 bylaws
 limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any of the Borrowers or any other agreement or instrument to which it is party or by which the properties of any of the Borrowers is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of any of the Borrowers
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired
 other than Liens in favor of the Bank.

No consent or authorization of
 filing with or other act by or in respect of any Person is required in connection with the execution
 delivery or performance by each of the Borrowers
 or the validity or enforceability
 of this Amendment
 or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.






















.&#160;&#160;With respect to each Borrower (i) good standing certificates in its state of incorporation (or formation) and in each other state requested by the Bank; and (ii) certification that the certificates delivered by such Borrower on or about April 20
 2011
 remain in full force and effect (it being understood that the Bank may conclusively rely on each such certificate until formally advised by a like certificate of any changes therein)
 all certified by its secretary or an assistant secretary or manager (or similar officer) as being in full force and effect without modification; and

.&#160;&#160;The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Bank such other agreements
 certificates
 instruments and other documents as the Bank may reasonably request to accomplish the purposes of this Amendment.



.&#160;&#160;Except as specifically provided in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and each Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms each such Loan Document.

.&#160;&#160;The execution
 delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver or forbearance of any right
 power or remedy of the Bank under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
 or
 except as expressly provided in herein
 constitute a consent
 waiver or modification with respect to any provision of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (a) the Loan Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement
&#8221; &#8220;hereunder
&#8221; &#8220;hereof
&#8221; or words of similar import and (b) any other Loan Document to &#8220;the Agreement&#8221; shall
 in each case and except as otherwise specifically stated therein
 mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended and modified hereby.

.&#160;&#160;This Amendment
 including all annexes
 exhibits
 schedules and other documents incorporated by reference herein or delivered in connection herewith
 constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other understandings
 oral or written
 with respect to the subject matter hereof.

.&#160;&#160;As provided in the Loan Agreement
 the Borrowers agree to pay on demand all fees
 costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment.

.&#160;&#160;Wherever possible
 each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law
 but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law
 such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
 without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.
















.&#160;&#160;Except as otherwise provided in this Amendment
 if any provision contained in this Amendment is in conflict with
 or inconsistent with
 any provision in&#160;&#160;any of the other Loan Documents
 the provision contained in this Amendment shall govern and control.



.&#160;&#160;This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
 but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (such as fax or e-mail) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.



.&#160;&#160;THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
 THE LAWS SET FORTH IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT
 OR
 IF NO JURISDICTION IS SET FORTH THEREIN
 BY THE INTERNAL LAWS (AS OPPOSED TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.

.&#160;&#160;ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON
 OR ARISING OUT OF
 UNDER
 OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE THE BANK FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE. EACH OF THE BORROWERS FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL
 POSTAGE PREPAID
 OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW
 ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

















.&#160;&#160;THE BANK AND EACH OF THE BORROWERS
 AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL
 EACH KNOWINGLY
 VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE IRREVOCABLY
 ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AMENDMENT
 ANY NOTE
 ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 ANY OF THE OTHER OBLIGATIONS
 THE COLLATERAL
 OR ANY AMENDMENT
 INSTRUMENT
 DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING
 OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT OR COURSE OF DEALING IN WHICH THE BANK AND ANY OF THE BORROWERS ARE ADVERSE PARTIES
 AND EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE BANK ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT.

.&#160;&#160;In consideration of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Bank
 the sufficiency of which is acknowledged
 and excepting only the contractual obligations respecting future performance by the Bank arising under the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents
 each of the Borrowers hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Bank and each of its affiliates
 subsidiaries
 successors
 assigns
 directors
 officers
 employees
 agents
 representatives and attorneys (each
of and from all damages
 losses
 claims
 demands
 liabilities
 obligations
 actions and causes of action whatsoever which such Borrowers may now have or claim to have on and as of the date hereof against any Released Person
 whether presently known or unknown
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 contingent or non-contingent
 and of every nature and extent whatsoever (collectively
.&#160;&#160;Each Borrower jointly and severally represents and warrants to the Bank that it has not granted or purported to grant to any other Person any interest whatsoever in any Claim
 as security or otherwise. The Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify
 defend and hold harmless each Released Person from and against any and all Claims and any loss
 cost
 liability
 damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses) incurred by any Released Person in investigating
 preparing for
 defending against
 providing evidence or producing documents in connection with or taking other action in respect of any commenced or threatened Claim.

EACH BORROWER AGREES TO ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS WHICH ARE RELEASED
 WAIVED AND DISCHARGED BY THIS AMENDMENT. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES AND RELINQUISHES ALL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY CIVIL CODE OR ANY SIMILAR LAW
 TO THE EXTENT SUCH LAW MAY BE APPLICABLE
 WITH REGARD TO THE RELEASE OF SUCH UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LAWS MAY BE APPLICABLE
 EACH BORROWER WAIVES AND RELEASES ANY RIGHT OR DEFENSE WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY OTHER LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION WHICH MIGHT LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE EFFECTIVENESS OR SCOPE OF ANY OF THEIR WAIVERS OR RELEASES HEREUNDER.



















IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.













LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.





FRESH MADE
 INC.











PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC





STARFRUIT
 LLC





LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.




















    









&#160;



 is entered into as of August 28
 2014
 by and among THE PRIVATEBANK AND TRUST COMPANY (the &#8220;Bank&#8221;)
 LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.


 INC.
 a Pennsylvania corporation (&#8220;FMI&#8221;)
 HELIOS NUTRITION LIMITED
 a Minnesota corporation (&#8220;Helios&#8221;)
 PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC
 a Minnesota limited liability company (&#8220;Pride&#8221;)
 STARFRUIT
 LLC


 INC.
 an Illinois corporation (&#8220;LWI&#8221; and together with Lifeway
 FMI
 Helios
 Pride and Starfruit being sometimes collectively referred to as the 




WHEREAS
 the Bank and the Borrowers (other than LWI which subsequently became a Borrower) previously entered into a Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009
 as amended by that certain First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 13
 2009
 by that certain Second Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated November 12
 2009
 by that certain Third Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2010
 by that certain Fourth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 20
 2011
 by that certain Fifth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 20
 2011 and by that certain Sixth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 13
 2012
 by that certain Seventh Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by that certain Eighth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 and by that certain Ninth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 24
 2014 (as modified



WHEREAS
 the Borrowers desire
 and the Bank is willing
 to (a) waive Borrowers non&#173;compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio financial covenant for the fiscal quarter ended June 30
 2014
 and (b) make certain other modifications to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio financial covenant to address certain Capital Expenditures made by Borrowers
 all upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; and

WHEREAS
 this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document and these Recitals shall be construed as part of this Amendment.

NOW
 THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

 Unless the context otherwise provides or requires

 however

 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 the duties and obligations of the Borrowers under this Amendment
 and (b) &#8220;Loan Documents&#8221; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 this Amendment and the documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant to this Amendment.

















Commencing the fiscal quarter ending June 30
 2014
 Section 10.2 of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated as follows:

 As of the end of each of its fiscal quarters
 the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall maintain a ratio of (a) the total for the four fiscal quarters then ending of consolidated EBITDA 

 the sum of (i) all income taxes paid in cash by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries
 (ii) all Capital Expenditures which are not financed with Funded Debt (excluding (x) up to $2
400
000 of Capital Expenditures made during the fiscal quarter ended September 30
 2013 which were not financed with Funded Debt and were made in connection with the GGD Acquisition
 (y) up to $1
750
000 of Capital Expenditures made to GGD&#8217;s facility in Waukesha
 Wisconsin during the two fiscal quarters ended June 30
 2014 which were not financed with Funded Debt and (z) up to $1
000
000 of Capital Expenditures made to GGD&#8217;s facility in Waukesha
 Wisconsin during the two fiscal quarters ended December 31
 2014 which were not financed with Funded Debt)
 (iii) cash distributions or dividends and (iv) amounts paid to repurchase or redeem stock or equity
 (ii) required payments of principal of Funded Debt (including the Term Loan and 2013 Term Loan
 but excluding the (x) Revolving Loans
 (y) Seller Note and (z) Amani-Helios Note)
 of not less than 1.10 to 1.

Except as specifically set forth herein
 the Revolving Note
 the Term Note
 2013 Term Loan Note and the Loan Documents previously delivered by the Borrowers shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The indebtedness evidenced by the Revolving Note
 Term Note and 2013 Term Loan Note (as hereby amended by this Tenth Modification) is continuing indebtedness of the Borrowers and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a payment
 settlement or novation of the Revolving Note
 Term Note or 2013 Term Loan Note
 or to release or otherwise adversely affect any lien or security interest securing such indebtedness or any rights of the Bank against any party primarily or secondarily liable for such indebtedness.

 The Bank waives the Borrowers&#8217; compliance with Section 10.2 &#8220;Fixed Charge Coverage&#8221; of the Loan Agreement in respect to the Borrowers&#8217; fiscal quarter ended June 30
 From and after the date of this Amendment
 the Bank hereby waives its right to pursue remedies on account of the FCCR Default. Such waiver (a) shall not be deemed to extend to any other Event of Default which has arisen or may hereafter arise
 whether or not known to the Bank or any Borrower on the date hereof
 (b) shall not be deemed to effect any amendment of the Loan Agreement or any of the Loan Documents
 all of which shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms except as expressly amended hereby and (c) shall not be deemed to establish a custom or course of dealing between the Borrowers and the Bank.






















All representations and warranties of each Borrower in the Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party are incorporated herein in full by this reference and are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof
 except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date.

After giving effect to this Amendment
 no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Each Borrower has the power
 and has been duly authorized by all requisite action
 to execute and deliver this Amendment. This Amendment has been duly executed by each Borrower.

This Amendment is the legal
 valid and binding obligation of each Borrower
 enforceable against each Borrower and each of the other Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms
 except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium
 or similar law affecting creditors&#8217; rights generally.

The execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment do not and will not (i) violate any law
 rule
 regulation or court order to which any of the Borrowers is subject; (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of the certificate of formation or incorporation
 bylaws
 limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any of the Borrowers or any other agreement or instrument to which it is party or by which the properties of any of the Borrowers is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of any of the Borrowers
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired
 other than Liens in favor of the Bank.

No consent or authorization of
 filing with or other act by or in respect of any Person is required in connection with the execution
 delivery or performance by each of the Borrowers
 or the validity or enforceability
 of this Amendment
 or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.





 The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Bank such other agreements
 certificates
 instruments and other documents as the Bank may reasonably request to accomplish the purposes of this Amendment.


















 Except as specifically provided in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and each Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms each such Loan Document.

 The execution
 delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver or forbearance of any right
 power or remedy of the Bank under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
 or
 except as expressly provided in herein
 constitute a consent
 waiver or modification with respect to any provision of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (a) the Loan Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement
&#8221; &#8220;hereunder
&#8221; &#8220;hereof
&#8221; or words of similar import and (b) any other Loan Document to &#8220;the Agreement&#8221; shall
 in each case and except as otherwise specifically stated therein
 mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended and modified hereby.

 This Amendment
 including all annexes
 exhibits
 schedules and other documents incorporated by reference herein or delivered in connection herewith
 constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other understandings
 oral or written
 with respect to the subject matter hereof.

 As provided in the Loan Agreement
 the Borrowers agree to pay on demand all fees
 costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment.

 Wherever possible
 each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law
 but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law
 such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
 without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.

 Except as otherwise provided in this Amendment
 if any provision contained in this Amendment is in conflict with
 or inconsistent with
 any provision in any of the other Loan Documents
 the provision contained in this Amendment shall govern and control.



 This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
 but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (such as fax or e-mail) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.


















 THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
 THE LAWS SET FORTH IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT
 OR
 IF NO JURISDICTION IS SET FORTH THEREIN
 BY THE INTERNAL LAWS (AS OPPOSED TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.

 ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON
 OR ARISING OUT OF
 UNDER
 OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE THE BANK FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE. EACH OF THE BORROWERS FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL
 POSTAGE PREPAID
 OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW
 ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

 THE BANK AND EACH OF THE BORROWERS
 AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL
 EACH KNOWINGLY
 VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE IRREVOCABLY
 ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AMENDMENT
 ANY NOTE
 ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 ANY OF THE OTHER OBLIGATIONS
 THE COLLATERAL
 OR ANY AMENDMENT
 INSTRUMENT
 DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING
 OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT OR COURSE OF DEALING IN WHICH THE BANK AND ANY OF THE BORROWERS ARE ADVERSE PARTIES
 AND EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE BANK ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT.


















 In consideration of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Bank
 the sufficiency of which is acknowledged
 and excepting only the contractual obligations respecting future performance by the Bank arising under the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents
 each of the Borrowers hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Bank and each of its affiliates
 subsidiaries
 successors
 assigns
 directors
 officers
 employees
 agents
 representatives and attorneys (each
of and from all damages
 losses
 claims
 demands
 liabilities
 obligations
 actions and causes of action whatsoever which such Borrowers may now have or claim to have on and as of the date hereof against any Released Person
 whether presently known or unknown
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 contingent or non-contingent
 and of every nature and extent whatsoever (collectively
Each Borrower jointly and severally represents and warrants to the Bank that it has not granted or purported to grant to any other Person any interest whatsoever in any Claim
 as security or otherwise. The Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify
 defend and hold harmless each Released Person from and against any and all Claims and any loss
 cost
 liability
 damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses) incurred by any Released Person in investigating
 preparing for
 defending against
 providing evidence or producing documents in connection with or taking other action in respect of any commenced or threatened Claim.


EACH BORROWER AGREES TO ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS WHICH ARE RELEASED
 WAIVED AND DISCHARGED BY THIS AMENDMENT. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES AND RELINQUISHES ALL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY CIVIL CODE OR ANY SIMILAR LAW
 TO THE EXTENT SUCH LAW MAY BE APPLICABLE
 WITH REGARD TO THE RELEASE OF SUCH UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LAWS MAY BE APPLICABLE
 EACH BORROWER WAIVES AND RELEASES ANY RIGHT OR DEFENSE WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY OTHER LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION WHICH MIGHT LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE EFFECTIVENESS OR SCOPE OF ANY OF THEIR WAIVERS OR RELEASES HEREUNDER.







































IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.

















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.






FRESH MADE
 INC.













PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC






STARFRUIT
 LLC





LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.





















    







&#160;




&#8221;) is entered into as of August 11
 2015 with an effective date of May 31
 2015
&#8221;)
 LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.
&#8221;)
 FRESH MADE
 INC.
&#8221;)
 HELIOS NUTRITION LIMITED
&#8221;)
 PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC
&#8221;)
 STARFRUIT
 LLC
&#8221;)
 and LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.
&#8221; and together with Lifeway
 FMI
 Helios
 Pride and Starfruit being sometimes collectively referred to as the &#8220;




WHEREAS
 the Bank and the Borrowers (other than LWI which subsequently became a Borrower) previously entered into a Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2009
 as amended by that certain First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 13
 2009
 by that certain Second Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated November 12
 2009
&#160;&#160;by that certain Third Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated February 6
 2010
 by that certain Fourth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 20
 2011
 by that certain Fifth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 20
 2011 and by that certain Sixth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 13
 2012
&#160;&#160;by that certain Seventh Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 14
 2013
 by that certain Eighth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 4
 2013
 by that certain Ninth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 24
 2014
 and by that certain Tenth Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 28
 2014&#160;&#160;&#160;(as modified
&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Bank made available to the Borrowers a credit facility.

WHEREAS
 the Borrowers desire
 and the Bank is willing
 to extend the Revolving Loan Maturity Date
 all upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; and

WHEREAS
 this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document and these Recitals shall be construed as part of this Amendment.

NOW
 THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:


&#160;&#160;Unless the context otherwise provides or requires
 capitalized terms used herein which are not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement; 
 
 that all references in the Loan Agreement to (a) &#8220;Obligations&#8221; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 the duties and obligations of the Borrowers under this Amendment
 and (b) &#8220;Loan Documents&#8221; shall
 in addition to the definition set forth in the Loan Agreement include
 but not be limited to
 this Amendment and the documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant to this Amendment.
















.&#160;&#160;When used herein and in the Loan Agreement
 the following term shall have the following amended and restated meaning:


&#8221; shall mean July 31
 2016
 unless extended by the Bank pursuant to any modification
 extension or renewal note executed by the Borrowers and accepted by the Bank in its sole and absolute discretion in substitution for the Revolving Note.&#8221;





The Revolving Loan is hereby extended to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date.&#160;&#160;The Revolving Note is hereby amended by deleting all references to February 6
 2010 (subsequently amended to May 31
 2015) and replacing such references with July 31
 2016.

Except as specifically set forth herein
 the Revolving Note (as hereby amended by this Eleventh Modification)
 the Term Note
 2013 Term Loan Note and the Loan Documents previously delivered by the Borrowers shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.&#160;&#160;The indebtedness evidenced by the Revolving Note (as hereby amended by this Eleventh Modification)
 Term Note and 2013 Term Loan Note is continuing indebtedness of the Borrowers and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a payment
 settlement or novation of the Revolving Note
 Term Note or 2013 Term Loan Note
 or to release or otherwise adversely affect any lien or security interest securing such indebtedness or any rights of the Bank against any party primarily or secondarily liable for such indebtedness.





All representations and warranties of each Borrower in the Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party are incorporated herein in full by this reference and are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof
 except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date.



Each Borrower has the power
 and has been duly authorized by all requisite action
 to execute and deliver this Amendment.&#160;&#160;This Amendment has been duly executed by each Borrower.

This Amendment is the legal
 valid and binding obligation of each Borrower
 enforceable against each Borrower and each of the other Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms
 except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium
 or similar law affecting creditors&#8217; rights generally.

















The execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment do not and will not (i) violate any law
 rule
 regulation or court order to which any of the Borrowers is subject; (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of the certificate of formation or incorporation
 bylaws
 limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any of the Borrowers or any other agreement or instrument to which it is party or by which the properties of any of the Borrowers is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of any of the Borrowers
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired
 other than Liens in favor of the Bank.

No consent or authorization of
 filing with or other act by or in respect of any Person is required in connection with the execution
 delivery or performance by each of the Borrowers
 or the validity or enforceability
 of this Amendment
 or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.





.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;With respect to each Borrower (i) good standing certificates in its state of incorporation (or formation) and in each other state requested by the Bank; and (ii) certification that the certificates delivered by such Borrower on or about April 20
 2011
 remain in full force and effect (it being understood that the Bank may conclusively rely on each such certificate until formally advised by a like certificate of any changes therein)
 all certified by its secretary or an assistant secretary or manager (or similar officer) as being in full force and effect without modification;

-K.&#160;&#160;Lifeway shall have filed&#160;&#160;its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered a copy of such Form 10-K to the Bank by August 14
 2015.

.&#160;&#160;The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Bank such other agreements
 certificates
 instruments and other documents as the Bank may reasonably request to accomplish the purposes of this Amendment.



.&#160;&#160;Except as specifically provided in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and each Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms each such Loan Document.

.&#160;&#160;The execution
 delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver or forbearance of any right
 power or remedy of the Bank under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
 or
 except as expressly provided in herein
 constitute a consent
 waiver or modification with respect to any provision of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.&#160;&#160;Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (a) the Loan Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement
&#8221; &#8220;hereunder
&#8221; &#8220;hereof
&#8221; or words of similar import and (b) any other Loan Document to &#8220;the Agreement&#8221; shall
 in each case and except as otherwise specifically stated therein
 mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as amended and modified hereby.
















.&#160;&#160;This Amendment
 including all annexes
 exhibits
 schedules and other documents incorporated by reference herein or delivered in connection herewith
 constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other understandings
 oral or written
 with respect to the subject matter hereof.

.&#160;&#160;As provided in the Loan Agreement
 the Borrowers agree to pay on demand all fees
 costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment.

.&#160;&#160;Wherever possible
 each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law
 but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law
 such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
 without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.

.&#160;&#160;Except as otherwise provided in this Amendment
 if any provision contained in this Amendment is in conflict with
 or inconsistent with
 any provision in any of the other Loan Documents
 the provision contained in this Amendment shall govern and control.



. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
 but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument.&#160;&#160;Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart.&#160;&#160;Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (such as fax or e-mail) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof.



.&#160;&#160;THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
 THE LAWS SET FORTH IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT
 OR
 IF NO JURISDICTION IS SET FORTH THEREIN
 BY THE INTERNAL LAWS (AS OPPOSED TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.

















.&#160;&#160;ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON
 OR ARISING OUT OF
 UNDER
 OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE THE BANK FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.&#160;&#160;EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE.&#160;&#160;EACH OF THE BORROWERS FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL
 POSTAGE PREPAID
 OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.&#160;&#160;EACH OF THE BORROWERS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW
 ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

.&#160;&#160;THE BANK AND EACH OF THE BORROWERS
 AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL
 EACH KNOWINGLY
 VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE IRREVOCABLY
 ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AMENDMENT
 ANY NOTE
 ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
 ANY OF THE OTHER OBLIGATIONS
 THE COLLATERAL
 OR ANY AMENDMENT
 INSTRUMENT
 DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING
 OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT OR COURSE OF DEALING IN WHICH THE BANK AND ANY OF THE BORROWERS ARE ADVERSE PARTIES
 AND EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.&#160;&#160;THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE BANK ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT.

.&#160;&#160;In consideration of the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Bank
 the sufficiency of which is acknowledged
 and excepting only the contractual obligations respecting future performance by the Bank arising under the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents
 each of the Borrowers hereby irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Bank and each of its affiliates
 subsidiaries
 successors
 assigns
 directors
 officers
 employees
 agents
 representatives and attorneys (each
&#8221;) of and from all damages
 losses
 claims
 demands
 liabilities
 obligations
 actions and causes of action whatsoever which such Borrowers may now have or claim to have on and as of the date hereof against any Released Person
 whether presently known or unknown
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 contingent or non-contingent
 and of every nature and extent whatsoever (collectively
&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Each Borrower jointly and severally&#160;&#160;represents and warrants to the Bank that it has not granted or purported to grant to any other Person any interest whatsoever in any Claim
 as security or otherwise.&#160;&#160;The Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify
 defend and hold harmless each Released Person from and against any and all Claims and any loss
 cost
 liability
 damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses) incurred by any Released Person in investigating
 preparing for
 defending against
 providing evidence or producing documents in connection with or taking other action in respect of any commenced or threatened Claim.
















EACH BORROWER AGREES TO ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS WHICH ARE RELEASED
 WAIVED AND DISCHARGED BY THIS AMENDMENT.&#160;&#160;EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES AND RELINQUISHES ALL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY CIVIL CODE OR ANY SIMILAR LAW
 TO THE EXTENT SUCH LAW MAY BE APPLICABLE
 WITH REGARD TO THE RELEASE OF SUCH UNKNOWN
 UNANTICIPATED OR MISUNDERSTOOD DEFENSES
 CLAIMS
 CONTRACTS
 LIABILITIES
 INDEBTEDNESS AND OBLIGATIONS.&#160;&#160;TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LAWS MAY BE APPLICABLE
 EACH BORROWER WAIVES AND RELEASES ANY RIGHT OR DEFENSE WHICH IT MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER ANY OTHER LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION WHICH MIGHT LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE EFFECTIVENESS OR SCOPE OF ANY OF THEIR WAIVERS OR RELEASES HEREUNDER.











































IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.






















LIFEWAY FOODS
 INC.








FRESH MADE
 INC.




















PRIDE OF MAIN STREET DAIRY
 LLC









STARFRUIT
 LLC










LIFEWAY WISCONSIN
 INC.


































 INC.



    













Subsidiaries of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.:


Helios Nutrition
 Ltd. &#8212; a Minnesota corporation
 100% owned


Pride of Main Street Dairy
 L.L.C. &#8212; a Minnesota limited liability company
 100% owned by Helios Nutrition
 Ltd.


Fresh Made
 Inc. &#8212; a Pennsylvania corporation
 100% owned


Starfruit
 L.L.C. &#8212; an Illinois limited liability company
 100% owned


Starfruit Franchisor
 L.L.C &#8212; an Illinois limited liability company
 100% owned


Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
 an Illinois corporation
 100% owned













    











CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350



I
 Julie Smolyansky
 certify that:








I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;











Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;











Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and











The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.














&#160;&#160; August 13
&#160;2015

















Chief Executive Officer
 President and Director




















    










CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350






I
 Edward P. Smolyansky
 certify that:








I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc.;











Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;











Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and











The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

















&#160;&#160; August 13
&#160;2015





















Chief Financial and Accounting Officer

Treasurer
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary





















    















CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT




In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) for the period ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the SEC (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her knowledge:




















The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.

















&#160;&#160; August 13
&#160;2015



















&#160; Chief Executive Officer
 President&#160;and&#160;Director





















    














CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT





In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) for the period ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the SEC (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


















The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.


















&#160;&#160; August 13
&#160;2015





















Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
 
Treasurer
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary


















begin 644 graphic-1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  24DJ  @    $ !H!!0 !






 P$

M'S7V^$G@6]M+R/3-1D^''Q\^).IR3_\ M?TFF^


M/'7@#2+E8/ GA;XS?M@^+?&OBK]H+Q!??$/Q]J5A\/M!?PAX9OP#]L]&_P

MA?Q'8:3XCT2:9+75]*LKK
0_(G7?@]_P3T\4^!/L_[O[./P:^%'[47Q)UO




UO6/#?_!-[]B[]JO\




MT'XW?LV_$_PK\6/AGXA+0V?B/PMJ(N/L.IQ6]K=7?A_Q%I=Q';:SX6\4:=!?


M\








M'\$M1U3X8IX5\!6WAL:9XJ\1W%YKGBAISI%AI%H ?FCX;_86^#_P^\2^.OV-









M?+JVK_$.Q\0?$KQAJGA?4_ -SKEYX


M[T67]IN^\%ZKJ7A+PK\6=:\$^(M;^&7@_P'&D:-:?_QH;/P]H^C127GAO]









-I;37%Q(L4


MS')[8&20#8KY0_;PUSQOX9_8E_:\\0_#
L/B/H?[



M OVN;#2I6NYH--^'Z:UK?A?]H26WGCEG^%EWH'C^Y
UM\'7L=4^G/^5ND^#
M]#_X)L_L'V7@:WTN#PXG[(G[/US!_8TRW%A)J.H_#'PSJ?B=)EEE1[JZ\0W

ECJD-Q9W

5U;S1R6]Q;W
22PSQ3(4EBDBD#1







MWLY?C'\
OVE:O++;:-/H[:EJ,NDVP!\W7_  3M_PEWQM;4- _:4_;ON=




OV/-4@^-OP5





-#\+:EX@U




^)_P&^#?Q6U_X5Z'X-^'




MG@KXE:[^TK^SW^R)^TWI&DH^FZ-^T7\#/VD?B+X?^^AP_$PT\V\'B'QM\'
M_&/BCPOXL^'/BK6&GO-TRPUG1\W=D^GV '[CT4R
$(H8ECCDGJ?\C_ .O3

$]=\^//GAGQIX-\3V%SI?B+PGXNT'3/$GAK7=.
MNQBYL=8T/5[:[TW4;2<$^=;WEM-#(3ET:ORJN/\ @BU^S%X&U#6]=_91^)G[
M57[!E_K]XVJ:MH_['W[1/C?P'\,;_5=D\,5[/\/%TOCWX$P);VMS<6EIIVG
M?#73[P2YN+S2X+#6##JD(!^P5?C7_P4_P#@1_P4&^+/Q5_9#\1?L@^)(KGX
M/?#+7_B/XF_:%^#EE^U-\2_V/=4^+.KRZ3X;A^$UGJ7Q;^$G@3QEXUF\%Z)J
M5MXHO/$WA#3VT^W\2XLK2^+1;;NQ^&_V2M2^(OAKXR:G^PA_P %%OVM/VPO

?A!=ZGH266D_%32K6-+#X

M'H/QGUKPKXPN_!5YI\NM-K=UH7B^R\(:#XRU&'Q4E_I8O]-\7Z[XGL=&?0+5

\.W%










M)]

;]G/_@CW\.?V1_\ @HC\4OVV/V:O
MB))\&?A)\9?A/I?@3QY^QAX \#V'A?X-WGC31%TFVT?XC:3'H&N:5H.BRZ;9



M^$GC'X@?/Q%XQ\#^'O#3:VOA32)MUZ241:-'=V%Y'HYTK1M-_0[]DW_@GW
'+1;.T2$ ^Y+<EH(V8Y++DD\9R2

_I1L?^Z/^^O_

&I6]EJRW5KJWAW7K(






K]I;]F.R&E_L!_\%#OB[\-OAYI@M1X


end







begin 644 graphic-2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  24DJ  @    $ !H!!0 !






 P$

MA[

M^V5\ -=\4^*&_PQW[-'[8$\6GMH6F?##XX?L9_M$^%O ET\FNZ4UQXBT7Q




J6=M
T;*?Y^O@O_P7%_X*(_MO^-]!3]A7_@D+X_G^!7B0

';]&T[Q!X<L/[\0:A9^+_  ]J?0^/^<'_!P!_P5X_X1;]J#]H7]
MN:Y_8&^#GC_3-!\7_CX-?OQ-X_LU\)?#?Q=HMMJ^B2Z)\*?AYXQ\
VUO\



M^(&HZA/\=O 
?@#1]8NH-

MX@N/B-X0\


M!^O^-?F)_P $C?V\X/\ @H?^Q5X!^.^J^'SX
^)6F:SXI^%7QI\%MJT.MMX:



MO-&H#;G294*AE:
-CS
M%*\4 ?QY_&GQS\%O^@O[7_[5O\ P5+^,VLW/Q _X)X_\$1;#Q3X5^/PF$A
M33_CI^UQ\/\ 01X_^(7B9X3JD-H;P\:2_#KPIX,N+]9O#OQ1/!5U=78\*6
MFMZ?/^'_ 






M+KWQ$T76?B7\2(M5T/Q-K=MX+^'D'P^UNZU&*PT:23^XC_@BI_P5K\'?\%*?

M 
6?AOPJ/!GQW^




M6MC9*D=I#K$:+%#\5_497\ENJ_L\_MX?\ !!'QQ\2/C=^S/=Z]^W'_ 
$W

C&




#=W'C

MQ^%G[=G['OBD_%C]D[XLWT-W/I0\36%]I6MZE\+_ ![9V#JVL?#OXC'0+'0-
M9M;RTUB'3X;JXE&CZK87^N:-K/\ 
S_P4+UG]G7_ (*=?L&_$O\ :7^)_A[7



\:^(+31/ NN6=K?WU_.6TWP;_/?




M 


$Y?^@/P=_X*/?LN?#_P#:6^#]W!;V'B.

-&^6248(*
K
M$PPX.0




M 















MJ=CK=GJVD:=\0_&;_@X=_9_\/16E[^R_^S9^TS^V=X6N?BMX
^#47QE^&/AG


MX*TYI(AJGBSQ0-$U/3K-I8H(H+:]U/4)[72M.U\MOM*OY@?^#G.UU+0/ /
M_!

M+OAS\3-:N=


MGAWQ%HM_%YUCJ^AZY83Z9JNEWJ#[]IJ&GW


MX\OYIZO^T7^RO\






MVY;:UH\)@\/:#%:PWFLQ?#G[8OQ$_:*^%O[1?QD^*W_!5'QYX4^&O[=?[$WP



MH0MY9^W_ /\ !NQ^W;I'PX_9T\0Z+\8_&7_!3'P]\ _@AX._9EF_9TL+#X6_








M$\.:79Z/I5NTBK&LC0V-E;Q^8(TW;255 Q6NPH *\A^/7P:\ _M#?!_XC? _




ZV^JZ

MIV&AP:CX@DT.YU:.'^@KR_?]/_KT&



2R:RFTY8[/3






M)HM


6Z7<Z12HLC[OK&*
MSCA)*DD\8) R %CTR0J@;CEMH5<[54+/Y?O^G_UZ &0# 8#L<?E4]


#?__9
end







begin 644 graphic-3.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  24DJ  @    $ !H!!0 !






 P$





T[59M$U+
M4-(OK&PUB!0T^EWE[:W%K:ZC#&QR264T@N8T8J'DB%UR&7^

OVSOA?X8^(GPL
M^(\]@;'5_#GA+^UM%O;O5O FF^)[_3VT#Q+XR\



_&7X?:K'JFDZIK/DS:9HMCJ
ME]!IE]'I@!YW\3_V3/VJOV:OAM\!?A3^U7XK^#GBGX2_'?\ 9IU?XX?'+Q_X



#_B/J^GG6;O7M%TKP]<

M;]NWX^?M$?M=^ ?C'X ^%?P1\;_&?X*_%S]E6W\2^*/#'[

M^$GPUB\+R^$M3\


ZQ?7FAW6E:WX@M_
^I:AJ7A?1

;5QTVC&
$8P

M'[O7/53G!(PP Z$$

M\-/@'\



MT[X.?&?_ (.$?&G[2'[;O[9_[3MA:?$OP-_P3=_9@\::SX ^#O[-_@;7O#TV


MAU+P]*-#T+6HK#P=H=_]A\7#6-;N]-N3KNHWL8!WWP
\7_$#]@CP-XN_:Z_X





B\3.PG?5-+,6C_9O$-W\0?JWX7_\%IK'4=*A^&G_  2)_P"
M/7[3/[3_ .SU\/FOM(M/B3X.T+PA^RS^SWJ<.DG2+.UN/A%K'B+0]6LO'1N9
MY;U=82_L/#&NV0T^VU/^S]7LM3.H6_Y/_MU-\,;?P?\ $#X$0Z'KWB[_ ()6
M?\$'?AE\'OA;\0_@IX\6'PSX:_;P_;P\::[X8TO2OA'XK\4:=<+%J&G?#WQ




!M6T\7WB'1M$^)_A:W\/2ZSX86Y\06MO:ZW!]F1-?T;0M3TG]X?^8/Q\U
KV<MSJ=G!JHN+6UUE]0L=8TG0OF?_@W U1?A?\ LA_MQ_!+6O$L7_J
M_P!B_P#X*;?MI_L^_#K7O%$^F:;_ &)\)/AZW@7Q@D_B75W-CIRK;:MXO\3:


T'XFR?%'XF?%+2C?6-NU[H&D^
C/HNBZG

_AC<6MK!

_\ @GKX
M4CT?]G3X/:%I_C6]2*?QK\:/%*Q^*?C+\0=?-DMK?ZWXM\?:LEUK(.I-)=W$
MNAZ+/IGANUN=0U2[L-%M[G5=0EN #^/CXR_#[]O#]J'XH?\ !5+QQ^SI_P $


MG\3^9J3 ]!_G'^ _(4 ?S:?%'_@MU^U_X#^'_BO0/$/_  0P_PG^C_ !WM


&BWWB;X)Z/X'N+;PX+K7=%L_$MT=)\:Z%
MHV@WT

8P
'J

%A\0? O@_QO86
M;3O:VGB_PWHOB*UM&N8OL]S);PZS97D=N\\'[J9XD1I8P(W8J. #^/'_ ((U



M\$7OVC/&(LO#WP=^%GP:^
_AJ6:&+6OV3/'UM\#_ (CZ!+I5]=_VNDOA3X;:
MM9:&=4:6[N-
U_5]6\'3^(#;$:;-J


M'OXQ^#M&\9#6'^$7P:^*OQ6^)?Q/U+1+*)_&GQ;U7PDT5UK
6@VZO(NE2:W;





/C5K:5'?Z7;^#O_@C2_$=
MKX=AN+BWBN?[+U?7+2/4-/\ !6M63@'\O7P\UW_@HC\8?V4?VC[[X#_LZ?M$





MQ:?:^'IO#Z&\@T7P%\7Q
]O+XE\)R^(-3A30Y;*X/BKP]?7\Z^'5U*WO=2\/















M\-ZAX4U&T^#5I?Z!JA?5I+&VUF8Q:*\5Y=P7LL\/VB-/WU_97_9L^&O[(G[/
MWPP_9L^$4.MP_#;X0^'E\+^$(_$NM7'B+7(]+6[NK\+?ZS=!9[R1;B^N$C9H

MPS^''@K2M4U5;_QUXDT[6K_2=2\8-H=M=:KI'@G1[70=0U#7+^RM)9YVBL]%
MM);:ZU:\M_PX_X-S_C[^S!\8_$'QN^/WQU_:K\/_%/_ (*W?M.:]/=?'GP'
MXVM_$?PW\:?CP'X:NX-



*W

VOB#3]#M=$U#Q-J5M[
M-_P6U_X-AIOB#\8?'/[<_PQEX=\2_$B7QQXPN/&_P =_P!C[PKXD\(?#;Q1

MKC4M
\*67%?\$W/@]^W_ /M$?LP^./O_!/'_@J\/C)X7\%^$M0^$7QR_8*_
MX*7_  .EC\4?#VZOFBTV]^&?BQO=6^*6J:#\-O$/AFQNM$T#7=#OQ81:.-0



M_&_A&.[DUS18K&VU*;7;$Q'3-:@L+_4]*LM





M_:&^

&QGBCQ9HO[-'B;5]=^ 5A\5OCI/\'O ?AA
M-0TK1;2]T;Q5!?\ @WP_\



M 
?9+2)=7_:#^*NG:)?^



5D)8'&#AHB'&=R.CA77LH49%8.0278@@Y
MXX Z@8/&2.?KV$M% 'P#_P %(?C9^V!^S[^RUXV^)O[#/[-VG_M4?'S2KRS@
MTGX9ZGKB:596VB317SZSXLETN+5=$UKQK_PCP@MBG@;POJ^F^(_$#W873+R'
MR+E9OQN_X(2_L_\ @C]L.Y_X*U?M,_'35?VO/VY-0UGQ+\'=1/BWPIJ'@/1
M?V*+_P *VEJGB7]GWP3\+M0MX(?!OC#1W\1S:CXC\0V=O:Q:MI_BJ&[T6WMD
MUG7]4\3_ *%?\%$?^R/[
_[5Q:?S2&O?VC?VP_'%]_P (O\)/V3/@RT?B


MP!Q?P7^

-F
'=UP
)](_9U^*YNP_AZU75[O6+K2K'7[WP]X?LHK^.Z\3




D^

M5CU#5-*?6+?5O$%Q8Z$EN-0T75+1%N-4AFGFM'CMXYG:-6 /K5F5%+
0JCJ2

DX )KX6_X*'ZIH_B3]@']KU=)^+[?




MZGIMWXAU+2-0L9-

end







begin 644 perf_graph.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  34T *@    @ ! $:  4
M   !    /@$;  4    !    1@$H  
    !  (   $Q  (    0    3@
M      !@     0   &     !4&%I;G0N3D54('8U+C P /_; $
  0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! ?_; $
! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!






 P$


MAE?]F'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_ 
SU'[*__)L/[./_ &0;X0?^J^\/5Y3XE^-'QV\.

==^+^J^*?A2_P4;[;J+30^&?!
MG@/0()_B3KFD?\([;6GQ/U'Q/#9:5XD_X2WP2\=YX3NP#U;_ (97_9A_Z-Q^
M W_AH/A]_P#


M!]J_\
K_ +

M^TG_ 


^'7Q UC5Q!\)/#'[//




M.@H /^&5_P!F'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_S/4?\
K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\ #0?#[_YGJ/\


/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJ/^&COA]_T+WQY

MK_M/?_.@H /^&5_V8?\ HW'X#?\ AH/A]_\ 
]1_PRO^S#_T;C\!O_#0?#[_

M/^&5_P!F'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_S/4?\
K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\ #0?#[_YGJ/\ AH[X

/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJ/^&COA]_T+WQY_P#$

M?_.@H /^&5_V8?\ HW'X#?\ AH/A]_\ 
]1_PRO^S#_T;C\!O_#0?#[_ .9Z

M_P!F'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_S/4?\
K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\ #0?#[_YGJ/\ AH[X??\

/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJ/^&COA]_T+WQY_P#$5_VG

MH /^&5_V8?\ HW'X#?\ AH/A]_\ 
]1_PRO^S#_T;C\!O_#0?#[_ .9ZC_AH

M'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_S/4?\
K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\ #0?#[_YGJ/\ AH[X??\ 0O?'

M@^'W_P SU'_#*_[
/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJ/^&COA]_T+WQY_P#$5_VGO_G0

M&5_V8?\ HW'X#?\ AH/A]_\ 
]1_PRO^S#_T;C\!O_#0?#[_ .9ZC_AH[X??

M'X#?^&@^'W_S/4?\
K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\ #0?#[_YGJ/\ AH[X??\ 0O?'G_Q%

M_P SU'_#*_[
/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJ/^&COA]_T+WQY_P#$5_VGO_G04?\

M8?\ HW'X#?\ AH/A]_\ 
]1_PRO^S#_T;C\!O_#0?#[_ .9ZO;M/O8=2L++4







O[7^$NK?'73=


MOQ7UKX-:O:?LP_#[Q7'H=KJEE\

$W_@A:^-O@UXP\/^*_BEX8L_A/



M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!_!O1110!_

MOD033^7+-Y



Z


$
;
MRRNJ*S  \1\/?\G/?%__ +(-^SC_ .K!_:HKWFOAS0OVD_V=8?VBOBGKDOQ\


MJC]F'_HX[X#?^'?^'W_S0T?\-4?LP_\ 1QWP&_\ #O\ P^_^:&@#WFBO!O\
MAJC]F'_HX[X#?^'?^'W_ 
T-'_#5'[

MH_9A_PCCO@-_P'?^'W_P T-'_#5'[


M_AJC]F'_ *..^ W_ (=_X??_ #0T?\-4?LP_]''? ;_P[_P^_P#FAH ]YHKP
M;_AJC]F'_HX[X#?^'?\ A]_\T-'_  U1^S#_ -''? ;_ 

M*\&_X:H_9A_Z..^ W_AW_A]_\T-'_#5'[

/O_FAH ]YH



M&@#WFBO!O^&J/V8?^CCO@-_X=_X??_-#1_PU1^S#_P!''? ;_P ._P##[_YH

S' 4 9))/  '))X KP?_ (:H_9A_Z..^ W_AW_A]_P#-
M#7S1^U?^V+\(;'X2:UX:^%OQ8^'_ (W\:^.8;CPU9VW@CQGH'BBYT?2+F$CQ

/\




UZ



MF[MM




M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OS@_:[

%E
MN-2T9AM=X6/Z):EJ-EI&G7^K:E



H0(KJEI*MS%UW96C1^9_L?_''5O'N@:K\+OB






MDNM
^!_[(WPG_9F\'?$?Q1IOQ/\ %
NCZ-:_[P)8:?J$_Q6AU&_B/BFZ\1

J_V=AX18.C4XFXE\:L[_
M .1)D^/?!_ N$EE*KQ#7X?JNIFKP/M85*?]FU

MNA:YK/@_59M&U7P_XHM-;T[4(/[*\.^*;:73O%5SIUE_PE.BQP:J=!N+*_MK



X9QE:#CFLE*
\H
MQ]6





^%*DG_#@VZF/R6
^5ND\

6US2H)K3E:;G1Z./-%-V1]ST445^GG


M 




M3\
?#;P3\8O#


M?BQ_P6!^-'P%\+?!/QG\;_V3/@G\*/!_[5WAS3O%?[.7Q%\;?MK:CI/PE\+:


M@W[./_JP?VJ*]YH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\6_:!^+
$K&XDC676?%M];3C1]/M;=V$EWY4D<FIZA'




L?5^*





ME_BA9?_XIWNO_$S]AKXBZS/#X$\=RV\NHZG\+=1OI);BXL+RVMXV26%6FN

P?NY;Q[3IQQ:^J1C0




M8;J
5ZG7Y2:5KVD?LG?&31_'/A'5K'6_V4/VB?LM]8:MH=W%J7ASPUJ5VOVF

OZKQ2Q3Q1SP21S0S1I+#-$
MZR12Q2*'CDCD0E'C=&1U)5E(9200:_'N#\^QN9X?&Y3GM*.%XKX;QRSB'
M*+A&5=1OALTPU.2C)8'-J6*P]X1]G-UL


MG%2A6@UHZ=6+4X-:6=EL24445]B=84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?P;T444 ?VG_LK_P#)L/[.
M/_9!OA!_ZK[P]7M6J:;9ZSIFHZ/J$9FL-6L+S3;Z%9)(FEL[ZWDM;F
2Q
DL






M/5]7T2__ $[UPL-6L+W2]4LK34M,U*TN=/U'3M0MH;RPUPO(7M[RRO;.X2

K_ +
/_1N/P&_\-!\/

K_LP_]&X_ ;_PT'P^

/\ T;C\!O\ PT'P

/_ $;C\!O_  T'


K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\




MY_$L^^1S-J-]K



M=/\ =PA(\[)

M]_\ 
]7O-% '@W_#*_[
/_1N/P&_\-!\/O\ YGJQ_$'['?[*?B;1-5\/ZG^S






$$^AWV?U8\?^ /!OQ3\&^(/A_\ $#P]I_BGP?XI



NKPQ6!Q^'I8KUZ?PU*-:*G!V=G&23Y9PDE.
MG-2A.,9QDE^APG&I
X-2A-*46NJ?]:K=/1ZG@W_  RO^S#_ -&X_ ;_ 
-!

K_LP_\ 1N/P&_\
M#0?#[_YGJ/\ AE?]F'_HW'X#?^&@^'W_ 

K_ +
/_1N/P&_\

K_LP_]&X_ ;_P

/\ T;C\!O\


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /X-Z*** /[3_P!E?_DV






(W3YG2A.. PLFU@\+R
SN5&T3
MVTP99K+4;.1E80W^FWD4%]93%6$=S;Q
Z.FY&_G\TCXT_%/_ ()I_&WQ#H/B
MBRU'Q;\%-4UJW/Q#\+V896MH;\Q6^C_%[X?1W



M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '\&]%%% '
M]I_[*_\ R;#^SC_V0;X0?^J^\/5[S7@W[*__ ;#^SC_ -D&^$'_ *K[P]7O
M- !17P;=?\%%?@%8^-/VJOMW8?$5-'_ &1/AQ;_ !)^('Q%M_#6G:GX&\8V



K+Q?X:U:
MPMU\0^&=




Z_%77


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 445\+_MR_MGZ'^RAX&LK'0K)/&/QT^(;'1OA-\.K6.:_O+_5+N9;'7]
M7T^R/V]ML+Z:*WM+

MDVFV[M1A3IQ5Y5*M6;C3I4X)SJ5)1A%.4DCSK]O7]M+6/@XNA_L_? &R;QI^

MM


MOXS_ &JOBT)M6\4:UJDD-]+X%T_5UBFD\

-*A.RFLD


MCNMM'MDNT@$CH0(Y;/1+7Q'J'D3
%EGN=%D $C0
?T3O[^STNQO=3U&XCM-/


;R2-@X52:_._P#8SL+SXJ_$OXT_M1:[


2)'&@X5% ' JQ117Z.DHI1BE&
4E&*5DDE9)):)):)+1([0

X/F9
Z^Y\-^#/\

MI[_)R2_H\HK^*;_@DHP@_P@_[/NPB%9F^*D
FTB
2J?@E\272)\8#J9TB9
M4;(
RQ4\-[/VWM[\E&A5Y^?V-&U_;\O+



MK7\A^TJ*\G/
FP?$&58S*


MX:K'6G6I0E9I-/*O1IXBE4H58J5.I%QDFKZ/KKI=/57T[Z'\OWP$^+/Q+_8'


MPCU'1M9TZ0M#/Q*2PS1.$N+*_LKA);/4=.O(H+[3KZXLKVW@N8)8D_.?\

?LSI
MJY:74]/DE1V_B**[L9+NWM?$$5L?D#4-+\??\$M?'5K\:_@M)K'Q:_8^+]
M]IFI^)_MM=RZG??#F;6U@73]5T^ZNGQ%.()(+?P_P(+R2&W\16L=OX
\:3




DI1:::31^B4JM.O
M2IUJ-2%6C5A&I2JTY*=.I3FE*$X3BW&4)1:E&46TTTT[!11161H%%%% !111



M$K_VC&C#



M:

)^Q]E&I4@ZU2E3YIQ^'QGB+PO@J*K5
1CY)U*=-1_L?-
MJ%_:22E)5




;R:3_ &YHK^?S3O\ @HI^T3^SAX&NK3Q'X%_:+_:OD^+/




M&QL7^4/HC]H**^+/@Q^TU\5?C3^T+\:OAQIGP'T;PK\%O@E?^#O#FM_%7Q?\
M5=3TWXFZUXS\=?!CX8?&72O#^F? 6'X47

/[#XT16_Q-^*?Q#\1?![X9_%;PMX-\ ?&]^&L7AO



GC3X7

OBAXV^)7AB]^(J?!S]E[X)^)?%7@
M_2-5U/1=4G\0Q?$I?B=XUUOQ/\2+OQ[K6O3MX6O]/^U_A9\./VU)_C/XX_:=
M^
W@;]F;0/B!?_#CX3_ ;P3\%?AG\??B?XR\!V?@32_B7J?C+XK_ !5\1_&G

M'XCZ=_P3]_:CU_P1\/?V/_'6L? K0OV1_A!\4/B_\0]#^-'@SQQX[US]HCXF

M/A[X1A^(%W!X$J3?L(_M6_&#P=\*/AS^T[\






7Q


7QY
M_P#$J/VGO_GOT?\ #./P^_Z&+X\_^)4?M/?_ #WZ]YHH \&_X9Q^'W_0Q?'G

X_#[_H8OCS_ .)4?M/?_/?KWFB@#P;_ (9Q^'W_ $
7


7QY_


/$/Q



MX@^




]^O0/B/\3/ 'PA\'ZQ
MX_\ B;XMT7P5X.T* SZGKVNW:VEI%D'R;:!

ML+2YN9(XF_$7Q1^TG^UE_P %

:BBZF89E43BL+E6 A7QN(J3IKV=
M.G-U8]5^UK^U%\&?A7XG'P&_9K3X^_M$?M.ZQ=/HUAX2\
?M1?M4ZUX9\(ZL

NGQVMXWB76/#*P*9V_L^_P#!)S4/B%*/
MBQ_P40\;^

M.1;Z;H6O6OAS39OM1DNO%+7:WEO^A/[)7[#_ 

MCA\6?$[Q#%!=^





MB'HLDOV31?\ A(?$EPD$-[]K(6TL/&URMO
]S&^D^/8=
\36E_?WW[:@@@$$






M1^T]_P#/?H_X9Q^'W_0Q?'G_ 

M^OB-HFK:[=6?@S4;B,W.L^!JMTWA[6=+E\V1+[4+/1'T^W\66ENY^R:LES

WR?
LAQ];+
VPE7!8V@UST:J6L9KFA4ISBWI2J1UA4I
MRE2V=TTOLLMS/ YQ@Z6/R[$T\5A:U^2K3OI*+M.$XM*5.I!Z2A-*2[6:;\&






/B!J
VKZYJLOB+Q)
MH?@?PI\.-
U25-7U*_AL)+?P;X(\



I5\'S-X/
A\


M-6OKS3K&SD\ ^$?#N@26&B6VEV4@TX:F]NVLW5[J%SX'I7_!-[]D+3/ 'Q-^





MA-O'(\CPJ%\++K@\-'59/%'C7PWX,B4ZV=(U[[ EI+XB2_D

M*'-S5)P@G)?1U%?SB#_@X%((
_V;_K?DW]D?VO\ 7/[._P%'*<P^L?4/JOUO7*\=C52





MS
M/%&WXI?/P!XY_X*D_&RU_:/^-VD:CX=_9$^&6L7EK\%/A3J)*)X^USN8UN
M=4UF%3Y%_83W%K&_B[4D

MA[\7-1^)_P 4/ 7Q!^+MO\0O&7PN^'
VG6?V^YM-$M=&$FFQ:G?Z1H^BZ1I'
MAS1[#2IK[4M9T^QT/P];WVH)?V5\9-1/]C?A[P_H?A/0M'\
']
M-L]'T31M,MH[33]+TS3X$MK*QL[:)5CAM[:-(HT48J,Y.2?U?.\IGX3X:&
M'A7I8KB_.\)/ES.@[4L@RN<51Q$,O4VJW]IXVI[:A_:$J=-4<)2PG+6JU90


$$*+%###$H2.**- J1QQHJHB(H5% 50  *D
MHHK\=N?IH5Y3\;_B1;_3X4^-O'\S1?:-T6=M(AFP4N]?O633]!M&7DO'/J





M\UO5O-3^P]$U*-;B:V^+/BE^WQ\7_P!IKQ9=?LR?\$R_LFI)IL$&B^+_P!H
MO4[!M.\&^=&4+9^?X5EU&VDMM
LX8(9K:T\0ZK97.K:DMM=KX&\
ZA=)INN



(9I3<W1T73H9+2WOM-N9


MCA

MS[@7'UW6J8*G.

35O'!X^G?FQ&#FU@






M&$^#'Y5BFJ^'JQFX.K1Y:LNDHHHKU3X8**** /S:_:0\*:[^SM\5M)_:Q^&U


M\1273?G.%QV
\
.

M34J%/

4Z6(H58\U.-6=E=K[
:K2:DK.G

MTC5;FSTOQ\/
!6\\1:_;VL&M^&XKB*.;PEIUW:7-Y;6_B\M;^&?V4HHK]CXB
MXCS?BG
JF:9QB7B

L%%
M%% !1110 5@^*=8N_#WACQ'K]AH6I^*+[0]!U?6++PUHBPMK/B*[TS3[B]M]
MTA;F6&V;4]6F@2PL!<310&ZN(A++''N8;U%)W::3<6TTI))M-K1I---K?5-
M=T73E&%2G*=-581G&4Z4G*

MKO7/BW\4M8D^


MQ7XV\2:YXN\3ZHOQ.^
6FC4_$/B34[K6=:U'^S]*^(-CIED;[4KRYNFM=/LK


MK?M ?#OP+X\U3X1?#SQS\!?%
_CCQIIOA#6=8L-.T$? _P ?M=:UK6B0^'])



_$]M\5_''B'XB_$;3_B5

M_M


_P9^(WP^TCQ?\%/ 7Q)N/'7C76_A?KO[0 ^)7C;4?

?O?XO_ +!7[.GQP^
M


O\ PO?7O /B
M2Y\;S^


?#'1K#]H(_#N#X7^



%O%X%
MU(?$%]5A\03^)OKKPO\ L _LH^#OBU)\:-#^'.N?\)4OB#QUXPTCPSK'Q:^


MGHG@'P?=V?A;P=IMQHLFF^#O]II !_'E1110!_:?^RO_P FP_LX_P#9!OA!
M_PJ^\/5[S7@W[*__)L/[./_ &0;X0?^J^\/5[M)(D2/+*Z1QQHTDDDC!$C1


M?&/PYUB/3]^E^)KM;NQ-SV'[/_[7GP+_ &FM0\8Z)\+-6^(%MXH\ 6GAG4_%
MO@?XN? SXZ_LZ?$/2M\:1ZJ_A#Q2/AW^T-\-OA;XXU#P;XG?0=?M-!\9Z7X
M?O?NJZCH&NZ79:Q-J6BZG:VH!]


MM^QQ\8/A5\*O#_\ PE/CWQ0WP\;0=!_M71-#^W_V#\5/ _B75 -4\1ZEI&BV
MIM]%T;4;L?;=1MA
8!;P&2YEAAD^V**PQ6'AC


FS_!4Z%7&9'FN79QA*6*C4GAJF


M8-2O_#3WD-G-KNCV]PDD=[%]FM];T=3;:]IEHCV-[J/WQ7YJ_MH?\$Z_G[
M0^HV_P 8_A%KC_!+]J3PQ+#JGAGXG^'9+K28/$.HZ=&HT^U\:G2 MZ9T2-;.

*7



M.8?

MJ*_'7]E[_@HIXK\


MA_0-&LYM0U?6]:O[72])TNPMD


*-56O\ PEOB=)[2YT5_KK]D/_@GW\*?V7-_

MPN+D:GK$UI
EA;_?-?15N(\KX9HU


YGSQ\&OV5O@5\ ?%'Q#\7_  J\!Z3X5UGX

M\.:3H?T/117PV
QN

M 22  
DG@ #J23T K\@?VF?^FD[^-6_9O\ V&?G_#0W[0FJO/IT^N:+$-7
M^'W@22



CQPW6HQW


FM)]3MM.ETO0

CERQN/=C)

MS&XBOC

MPJ\3V'BSP=XA@\VSU&R8K-:W**GVO2M6L90EWI.M:=(X@U'2K^&]LYOEEB
M9&;TROP(^+G[/7QL_P"8OQUS]IK]CJTO\ QM^S3K5TFH_&_P#9WN;J]O$\
M.:7&Y





MG*[2TUTTUL?(G_!/GX[:KX[T;Q;\.?&.KSZKXHT6_O?&&EZA?SF:]U/2?$.I

/AC^PY\
OA'XWT3Q]X1\:?

L-S;W$9*3VMQ;W
M4
$\?V?7B^&V XIRGA;!Y3Q;&G+


%P[5BZF*J05;VTZ-&HL/3K5O9TI\$\RPD(\SG4W2_@U


2S6UU:W

Z)X
MOL?AGXQ_9^\2#]K3]ASX7SOXKTRVU:/Q+X&^
_[6GP?^&GQ&TS38O%WA'360
MZCX'\2Z[H-[J



M\(_ S4?VB_&GA_XH_P#!07]MGQ#X
U+]HGQ'J-QIE_H'QRU_]C/X@Z)\0$\/


NF:-\/)H5\(6MI
MXBA^
&C_ +-G[0?B3PYXJN-2\

MV7]8^'\&L?LRZ/XRLV^#'PH^

M_A#^P5\5OV?=%T[28M\0?\ $^+?VA/VF_V9]$^(M_X5\71D^$M#\.W?B-P


MECL[9K9+F[DCC9TMK=KRXM+-9YV BB:ZNK:V$CJ9[B&(-(OAO[*__)L/[./_
M &0;X0?^J^\/5[S0!^ M[\+_ -M#]KWP!^V/JOQB_9#^
7[.W[2'Q?\ @YHO
MA/X6+\1/BA^ROJO[/'A'P1\*?B!#XV\&_L_^'_%GP+_:7^-'Q-UGQC\4-:U3


M^RU^UYXZ^$_P@_89USX%:UX&T;X)?&[XV?$C5_VT?$7C_P#WB#X3^,?#&LV
M7Q]/PZOOA3X5\,_%#4?VC8OBCXDO?C)X7C\6:9\0OA%\/O#7ATT?XDQ6'Q!
M\8-!X0G\;9.N_LO?M _M(^'?V5/#'QN_82\?^$Q^P3^S]XC\-Z'J3_M2_#[X






M/ZY9Q7VG7]M)@@/%*8IX)%2XL[RW:*\L;N*&\LIX+J&9/&Q^4NO66/P%;Z





M!XD\









O\
MPM'Q1XEFT];B)_
D\5ZG86#7(

M/^*'@7PY!--=1Z'X0_:(_:(\-Z2+NY*FZO#IVB_%2RLS=W3*KW-QY'FSL TC
M
0


:_/3_@I5^UK\1/V-O@5X4^)GPRT3P7KWB'Q!\6=\ SVWCO3]<U/
M1K?2M3\'^._$=S=Q6OA_Q%X8OFU!;GPK9V\#OJ1MT@N;DR6TLGE-'\?C
71P


MBZLHRE^\JR34(J,)-MI[62;9])?\,X_#[_H8OCS_P)4?M/?_/?KR?XT:%^
MS3^SWX&U'XB_%[XI_&3P;X7T\-&EQ?\ [5O[3[WVK7_DR30Z/H&E0?%Z34==
MUJZ2&1K;3-


MABM9I'5#]\_!C_@G;\6/VC?'6G_M(_\ !2?Q-+XT\2C%UX-_9ZTZ[2'P1X)L


\7?$C7=$UN6:-)('T310GAO2)/MUKXA\7ZO=I:Z8?US^O_!.[]F?X!: F
MC_#G3/B9H.H75E8VWB3Q1HGQQ^


MBR:;7HW8%O-U^XRQ7:%^TZ\3PYP6)CD53/LQINGFW%^.K\38Z$M9T*6/4%E6

!E%+!8=4Y?PZBJZ*4I7_
\'%JDZLU[^(FZ\K[I32]G'_MVFHJW1W/!

7QY_\ $J/VGO\ Y[]'_#./P^_Z&+X\_P#B5'[3W_SWZ]YHK[XZ
MSP;_ (9Q^'W_ $


M/!&_9N^';JR/K_QW='4JZ-^U-^TZRLK##*RGXOD
K D$$$$'!XK\@?VI_P#@




X_#[_ *&+X\_^)4?M
M/?\ SWZ]YHH \&_X9Q^'W_0Q?'G_ 

X_#[_H8OCS_XE1^T






=M;)%;Q!8HT4


M;

MU.]2TB=VBBEO+EFED2!7\FWC^6*VMDAMH(XX(8XUXGXZ_ GX:?M(_#C4/A1\


V@_%'1
M]8^)WQ*^)OBKXD^(UU_1)VTFPO?$7BS5-1\):?':VG@V[\/P6=HD#O$O[&WP

M)16HSY \4?L$_LE^

M46




M
'ZBUZV;Y#G&0U
-2S? 8C 5
7A:6

$$9!!Z@@]0:_&G]IC_@GAXX^'GC^X_:N_X)[ZTOPL^
U@9K

MK\^?VT_^?'PW_:P@MO&VC7\_P *OVA?RVUWX)^
/AD2V.I_;M**3:/8^*_
M[.DM;S5=/LYX8#INJ6]Q!XB\-21Q7&C7WV9+K2M0^6OV=_\ @H%\3?@;\0;'
M]E+_ (*



B30S(DL4L3+)'+'(



TY.
+1IT:4?CKX
MFM-QHX;#TUK4KUYPI05N:5VD_/S/-
!D^%GC
QQ

-0BU%.5Y3JU)?!1H4H*
M56O6F](4J4)U):VC9-K[#^


HXG(N'I:PRJ

M26 P\_K


[:2VL8_.EZM;^+:9#Y<UT=0AT^ZU_Q!;V#,L]Q+I&CP:!
M-:J\O_6VD0
Z^4P_L4_MZ?MLS1ZS^W'\=)?@Y\+[R1+E?V?/@[-:I+):L_F


XM6LM-UG4[&:T\1?\(I;M]MEG@\
0$PS+



M)\D4KSC&KS9ECE1FXO%PG[Q_
;\!?^+W[4WPO\ CI\%OB9XB\=_ Z\/_#G





JR








$@UGPOJ#MJF@S
MJ)M4TS6/CKX!?\%
]5^ NHZY^SK_ 
%(H=5^&WQ6^'EMFE?%#PQXA\3:+\


4C;[6
MKW
-B\+C(.KA
3A\534G!U
-6IUX*:49.#G2E**DHRC)Q;NE*+M9H_+LXR+/





$
;RRNJ*S#Q[X(_M+?LY?M
Z+K/B3]F_X_P#P
M3_:!\.^'-4CT3Q#KWP1^*O@7XKZ+H.M36D=_%I&LZIX#U[7K'2]4EL9H;R.P
^%]AXAN/&^CVUG::IIEU=3ZAH=O%;V
MVHV,\K)%=V[2<]X9_;3_ &.?&C?%M/!W[6?[,_BQ_@#IFL:W\=E\,_'?X6Z\
MWP4T;P]+J4&OZO\ %M=+\571^'&F:'-HVL0ZQ?\ C$:-:Z9+I6I1WLL#V-T(
M@#Z8HKS'PC\;?@SX_P! ^'?BOP'\7/ACXV\+?%XWH^$_B7PCX]\*^)- ^*!T
M[3=4UG4!\.]8T;5KW3O&IL-(T/6]5O1X:N=3^RZ;H^J7T^RUT^[EA].H \&\
M/?\ )SWQ?_[(-^SC_PK!_:HKWFO!O#W_)SWQ?\ ^R#?LX_^K!_:HKWF@ HH

M3QPWEA?6LL%]IU_;VVH6%S;7MM!/'U-%73J5*-2G5I3G2JTIQJ4JM.4H5*=2
M$E*%2G.+4H3A)*491:E&23331
X0J0G3J0C4IU(RA.$XJ4)PDG&4)QDG&491


MK36I_+Q\ES=ZMX-\/78%RH5 #X\G5&#G=;%C-
G_  VO_P %*OA:
?&C_@G_

MHXDP37P4Z^

M%KP4&YM=5\-:;JME;./+\R.1GU71O$!91(KJ1X8M&6
;F*.3ZK\#_\%(_V
M(?'_ )2Z1^T+X

M+O



M_B_3QC-]X7U_2O$%F
A2





MCB



O!OB*U%UI.O:+


MX1B[(=]Z:6JH)(_RS\$?$']LK]@;XL:Y\0OAU^S5\6OA=\(M=O!?^-_@OXLT


M;6O&_P +-5GAA74+#Q7X.U/6+2QOFB4S11:GX(7Q.+JP^T;H;34+BST]IHME

MO-

#

M#QF R3 \T:F-Q$

M:1J?@[X:V5R-





S'




MS
Z6^HRZ;/-I
\-A. 6MM0\;Z]X#ABN(_+?3[]&V'/\ #W_!
;X[_M*:QI_C
_
MG6




M$G/$\KNE/%U:O


QF

1-U
1B\97JXG$UZ





)<#Q#_8G]@_4LCP
MV2_4_PTO[4]I]7S#,\=]9^L?V?EW)S_ -H^R]C[7+['G]K+VG) HHHKWC\



M^PM\2_A/^T-XYU#]G#XD_!77/AEXG_X1_P!5MX/^''P-G\=_Z]\!?M+^(-
M
^*7P?N/B/H?!G2/CY\%)I_AOH5UJLGB33?'7A71_%_]&-% '\[_P &M _:
M\_9[_:4_9QNXOAOXP\86/QCL=2DO=5^+OP0\??%3QYX8^'OQK_:UKXA_'31


MKZEJMI#H=KHWM7_H/B#_P!'4?'G_P )[]F'_PAQH\/?\G/?%__ +(-^SC_
M .K!_:HKWF@#P;_A4'Q!_PCJ/CS_P$]^S#_P#0XT?\*@^(/_1U'QY_\)[]


-&.IR?L\-IMVNA:3X9\#WJV-I:PWVG'Q$]QJ$]S;ZIID

/_P!#

:[:ZWK'@KQQX2^%NM^&?&SS12WEWK/@SX??_PYX8T&^N9=7N;SQ/X:U



5AZ$*^5\.9O@\!DF)XBRNK**KX##8_
M.LRR[$X_

EP
Z==4











M#_V;[0^(OUQ\


M/_T.-'_H/B#_P!'4?'G_P )[]F'_PAQKWFB@#P;_A4'Q!_Z.H^//\ X3W[
M

M[


0P-(R KNM=(M_$VK/:SD*TT.CS;07@DKY+CC.



MXK%3OK[3%8F=;$5&]YU9

M'QY_\)[]F'_Z'&C_ (5!\0?^CJ/CS_X3W[

MQ!\4;#Q!^T?\=]


/\

/_

M#C7O-% '@W_H/B#_P!'4?'G_P )[]F'_PAQH_X5!\0?^CJ/CS_ .$]^S#_
M /0XU[S10!X-_P *@^(/_1U'QY_\)[]F'_Z'&C_A4'Q!_PCJ/CS_P$]^S#

[_
M .%0?$'_ *.H^//_ (3W[



MQH_X5!\0?^CJ/CS_ .$]^S#_ /0XU[S10!X-_P *@^(/_1U'QY_\)[]F'_Z'


/@)KO[*FA_L-_%#]N?]E+QA^T3^S%\!/'/P
MK\3?##]G+]D(MX3\(ZYXE_:3\!?!+Q7KWP]^#VC_ !XU;X=KXZ^/'A6?3M'\

MBC!+'K'PJT

^/?Q4_P=_QTB_:-\8_M


M/V4O %[8:

M3Y?E.(.-



^
7PW^#^D?VQ\0?%6G






EQZ@6#M<VNC7D][]
MLN5<+_I^O76K7)DC6YMEL'/EK]IJJHJHBA44!550%55485548      P!P*6
MBOL\CX=R3AK/!9'EV'R^A*7/6=*+E7Q-76];&8JHYXG&5W=WK8FK5JN_P 5

U]I^C^)]%\9^*Y]%\.ZSX4\7


M^SG\&]#@_PA5]XL_8

M'9?\%5?V./&^C?M4_L[:C\3?BM\ /CEH
+7G[4/A/Q-=:AIGQ/3]EFZ^ V@?

DAE3Z4^%?[77P+^+1


M-U&0!0J


'Q+@Z?UKG:7)269


MIK-
8AU?@_\ ;V\.66JQ^$OCUX\4_!KQ5&4BN)[[3M0OM9L[/M
D3V=OKV
MGV]Q(




OAY_V;-)C\
I\0-$\62%_#?C*2]\7:%9^&/

M]BM?V??V
;3XK^./V
O%O_!.+5OVN/VI?&/QL\%:%\3?A1\7?V%/V:/%WC;P





MXDW'@KX*W/A716E?Q5\5=0B\#Z1:6H9KR73KO:_B%X8EPTJ3V!CT-E3+^=KM

4C7'PF)Q']M\?8/*J;Q/U/A#+GG.8SHXET\-4SG.%/9/@L705
M+FKO#9?#,,Q476C

MM=+WHO4]7HHHK[\ZPHHHH **** BBB@#\U_^I/Q8_8A^$G[/FA:I^W1X:^
M$GQ%\$:_\1=

ME64.L^)KGQ/\8Y'\$^ KK1K'QK:&/QQHO@XM^5\=O^P%HNB_L)^$/V]?C%^Q


?
MJ7Q2_9F^GPU_P")?B_]K+X[^%OA-\=O?C'P%?:7HO[5?Q_@\^/?OP(E

'?$[^$M!\<O\5=5TOX,6_A_2K*'6?$USXG^,<C^? 5UHUCXUM#'XXT

WQ9\9^#/B1^



M_$?_ (1Z^L+2W^)OQ6DUOX8Z)\0=2^(WQAM=TCPYXF\&^ K7P;_0W10 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?P;T444 ?







M+*2%O(+&^
%I9Q






M@DC:*;Z]C\*Z=@^:ED92;:^U*UM9BS6]E:1:%HD:N]N^D74!W-]Z:5I.EZ%I




M(]-DU'4-0TXDF.R-[%
FM6]DVYA.FIOXFAF0F)K(H[YYY?VB?VJ/@$RVW[
M0?PH_P$\\)VN%F^(W@985=+9  ]]?2:;$VA\[3Y5IJFG^#IY#YCM*RA:_2R
MO*?C9H'Q\5_#3Q-X6^&5YX?TSQ1XDLGT1=6\2:CJFFV6E:7J/!J]W;2Z1H
M^LWDFIM8M+:6K#:K;370U'[8)+*.VNOS3-. L+DN'QV:\$XS..%\?2I5\7'
M+









^+__ &0;]G'_ -6#^U17O- '@W_/?M/?]%?^ W_ (CC\0?_ **B
MC_A'OVGO^BO_  &_\1Q^(/\ ]%17O-% '@W_  CW[3W_ $5_X#?^(X_$'_Z*


J7^D6=A)<0020VV@VOB?1M8GTK2M
C2VL



M/#67!&+SK'XS-\+Q#C\XKK$RS&KD=/ 9E1JSE5GBXO&O

=5JT



M[]I[_HK_ 

MOVGO^BO_  &_\1Q^(/\ ]%11_P (]^T]_P!%?^ W_B./Q!_^BHKWFB@#P;_A
M'OVGO^BO_ ;_ 













M?Q/\//B?I&J6EM=S:-I'P^^&]M\ _''@GQT=8N(K.TGO_%OQJ^%%MI3W4LSK





MCP#I6I?%2W_9\^&OPRT&Y\7_ !HT=OCU\%/@IX-^#5MX\\.?V9^SCHOA'Q'H



M_PA7H_X2']I[_HD'P&_\2.^(/\ ]O7O-% '@W_  D/[3W_ $2#X#?^)'?$

2.^(/_ -O7O-% '@W_0_M/?]$@^ W_B1WQ!_




2.^(/_ -O7O-% '@W_0_M/?]$@^ W_B1WQ!_^A7H


















 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Out-of-period adjustments&amp;#160;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;During&#13;fiscal 2014, adjustments to correct the accounting for certain items related to prior periods, in the aggregate, decreased income&#13;before provision for income taxes by approximately $600,000 and net income by approximately $400,000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These errors&#13;relate to an understatement of accrued expenses and the provision for income taxes arising primarily from inaccurate accounting&#13;for certain employee expense reports and an understatement of depreciation expense arising from assigning an incorrect useful&#13;life.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;We determined these adjustments to be immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, to our previously filed&#13;consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&#13;summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements&#13;follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis&#13;of presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accounting and reporting policies of the Company and its subsidiaries conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles&#13;of consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Helios Nutrition, Ltd.,&#13;Pride of Main Street, L.L.C., Starfruit, L.L.C., Fresh Made, Inc. and Starfruit Franchisor, L.L.C., &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;Lifeway&#13;First Juice, Inc. (IL) (dissolved in February 2012), First Juice, Inc. (dissolved in December 2011) and Lifeway Wisconsin, Inc.&#13;Lifeway Wisconsin, Inc. was created to facilitate the operation of a production facility in Wisconsin. &lt;/font&gt;All significant&#13;intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use&#13;of estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America&#13;requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure&#13;of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during&#13;the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated&#13;financial statements include the allowance for doubtful accounts, the valuation of investment securities, goodwill, intangible&#13;assets, and deferred taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Sales&#13;of Company produced dairy products are recorded at the time of shipment and the following four criteria have been met: (i) The&#13;product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists;&#13;(iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition, shipping costs invoiced to&#13;the customers are included in net sales and the related cost in cost of sales. Discounts and allowances are reported as a reduction&#13;of gross sales unless the allowance is attributable to an identifiable benefit separable from the purchase of the product, the&#13;value of which can be reasonably estimated, which would be charged to the appropriate expense account.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Customer&#13;Concentration&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Sales&#13;are predominately to companies in the retail food industry, located within the United States of America. Two major customers accounted&#13;for approximately 28%, 35% and 31% of gross sales for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These customers&#13;accounted for approximately 23%, 25% and 30% of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash&#13;and cash equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;All&#13;highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company maintains cash deposits at several institutions located in the greater Chicago, Illinois and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania&#13;metropolitan areas.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Investments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;All&#13;investment securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale&#13;securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&amp;#146; equity. Amortization, accretion, interest and dividends,&#13;realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are recorded&#13;in other income. All of the Company's securities are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. This evaluation depends on the&#13;specific facts and circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in value has&#13;occurred include: the market value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and&#13;the intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the market value&#13;of the investment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts&#13;receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Credit&#13;terms are extended to customers in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&amp;#146;&#13;financial condition and generally requires no collateral. Balances expected to be paid beyond one year are classified as long-term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts&#13;receivable are recorded at invoice amounts, and reduced to their estimated net realizable value by recognition of an allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts. The Company&amp;#146;s estimate of the allowances for doubtful accounts and anticipated&#13;discounts are based upon historical experience, its evaluation of the current status and contract terms of specific receivables,&#13;and unusual circumstances, if any. Accounts are considered past due if payment is not made on a timely basis in accordance with&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s credit terms. Accounts considered uncollectible are charged against the allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories&#13;are stated at the lower of cost or market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Our products are valued using the first in, first out method.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;costs of inventories include raw materials, direct labor and indirect production and overhead costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property&#13;and equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts,&#13;and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense&#13;as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;31 and 39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 &amp;#150; 12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 &amp;#150; 7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Shorter of expected useful life or lease&#13;    term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Intangible&#13;assets acquired in business combinations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company accounts for intangible assets at historical cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recorded under&#13;the purchase method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess purchase&#13;price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but&#13;is reviewed for impairment at least annually. Brand assets represent the fair value of brands acquired. The Company amortizes&#13;other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, as disclosed in the table below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company reviews intangible assets and their related useful lives at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions&#13;exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment&#13;assessments if certain conditions exist, including: a change in the competitive landscape, any internal decisions to pursue new&#13;or different strategies, a loss of a significant customer, or a significant change in the market place including changes in the&#13;prices paid for the Company&amp;#146;s products or changes in the size of the market for the Company&amp;#146;s products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;If&#13;the estimate of an intangible asset&amp;#146;s remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset&#13;is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Intangible&#13;assets are being amortized over the following useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8-12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income&#13;taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&#13;income taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting&#13;and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification&#13;of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to&#13;an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are&#13;expected to reverse.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;principal sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax&#13;purposes, unrealized gains or losses related to investments, capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes, purchase price&#13;adjustments, and the recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts for financial statement purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns,&#13;as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The only periods subject to examination for the Company&amp;#146;s federal returns&#13;are the 2011, 2012 and 2013 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained&#13;on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Treasury&#13;stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Treasury&#13;stock is recorded using the cost method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&#13;and promotional costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 total advertising expenses&#13;were $3,875,384, $2,685,691 and $2,679,798, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Earnings&#13;per common share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Earnings&#13;per common share were computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common&#13;shares outstanding during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Intangible&#13;assets, and the related accumulated amortization, consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December&#13;    31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December&#13;    31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accumulated&#13;    Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accumulated&#13;    Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer lists and other customer related intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,529,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,926,719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,504,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,474,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;985,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;666,869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;985,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;596,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,178,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,248,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,028,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;438,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;368,650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;438,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;324,850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,243,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,184,036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,218,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,468,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Amortization&#13;expense is expected to be approximately the following for the 12 months ending December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 59%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 10%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 29%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;715,677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;697,427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;671,877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;634,863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;209,578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;130,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,059,764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The cost&#13;and fair value of investments classified as available for sale are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;530,328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19,608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(64,046)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;445,337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,624)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;180,120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,075)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,948,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(270,179)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,104,381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(346,924)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,779,140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,006,169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;98,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(32,181)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,072,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;54,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;56,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;464,585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(15,449)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;462,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;973,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(49,420)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;925,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,498,934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;114,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(97,050)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,516,380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;639,974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;90,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;725,659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,135,064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16,212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,144,229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,775,038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;107,087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(12,237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,869,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Proceeds&#13;from the sale of investments were $2,773,570, $3,001,016 and $1,475,730 for the years ended December, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross gains&#13;of $177,420, $248,223 and $88,713 and gross losses of $78,467, $52,723 and $17,427 were realized on these sales during the years&#13;ended December, 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The following&#13;table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed&#13;to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been&#13;in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December, 2014, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less&#13;    Than 12 Months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12&#13;    Months or Greater&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;162,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(49,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;141,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(14,993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;303,685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(64,046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;80,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;80,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,056,140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(194,641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;497,277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(75,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,553,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(270,179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,733,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(256,393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;638,694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(90,531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,372,455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(346,924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less&#13;    Than 12 Months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12&#13;    Months or Greater&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;213,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(32,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;213,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(32,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;224,125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(15,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;224,125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(15,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;615,986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(42,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;96,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;712,712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(49,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,053,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(90,456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;96,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,150,059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(97,049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less&#13;    Than 12 Months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12&#13;    Months or Greater&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unrealized&#13;    Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85,530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;301,229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;495,159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;364,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;215,840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;580,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(12,237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Inventories consist of the following:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,373,476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,027,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Production supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,069,742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,690,097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment consist of the following:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,856,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,856,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,125,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,587,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,434,910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19,633,164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,244,560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,244,560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;465,801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;433,679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Construction in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,408,754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;177,519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;41,536,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;37,932,314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19,643,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,107,866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,892,395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,824,448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lifeway&#13;completed the purchase of Golden Guernsey&amp;#146;s assets on July 2, 2013. The cost was approximately $7.4 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Accrued expenses consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued payroll and payroll taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;891,763&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;477,312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued property tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331,278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;306,608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Notes payable&#13;consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Note payable to Private&#13;    Bank in monthly installments of $42,222, plus variable interest rate, currently at 2.6677%, with a balloon payment for the&#13;    remaining balance. Collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company. In May 2013, the Company refinanced this note&#13;    under similar terms which extended the maturity date to May 31, 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,352,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,858,889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Note payable to Private Bank in&#13;    monthly installments of $27,778, plus variable interest rate, currently at 2.6677% with a balloon payment for the remaining&#13;    balance, maturing on May 31, 2019, collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,583,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,916,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Notes payable to Ford Credit Corp.&#13;    payable in monthly installments of $1,778 at 5.99%, due July 2015, secured by transportation equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32,124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Note&#13;        payable to Fletcher Jones of Chicago, Ltd LLC in monthly installments of $1,769 at 6.653%, due May 24, 2017, secured by&#13;        transportation equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;49,047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;66,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,874,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;872,285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;875,002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total long-term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,124,515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,999,012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;accordance with the Private Bank agreements referenced above, the Company is subject to minimum fixed charged ratio and tangible&#13;net worth thresholds.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants at December 31, 2014. Further,&#13;the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes.&#13;Due to the Company&amp;#146;s delay in completing such filings the Company obtained waivers as further discussed in Note 16.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In addition,&#13;as of December 31, 2014 the Company had a $5 million revolving credit facility with The Private Bank.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Borrowings under&#13;the facility were subject to interest at the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At December 31, 2014 there were no borrowings&#13;under the facility.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The facility expired in May 2015 but has been subsequently extended to May 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Maturities&#13;of notes payables are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the 12 months ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;872,285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;859,876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;849,084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,165,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,249,989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company leases three stores for its Starfruit subsidiary. Total rent expense for these leases was  $143,384,&#13;$347,164 and $379,348 for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company is also responsible for&#13;additional rent equal to real estate taxes and other operating expenses. Future annual minimum base rental payments for the&#13;leases as of December 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the   year ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;70,539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;72,653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;74,832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;47,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;49,194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;314,979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Cash paid for interest and income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;266,581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;205,739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191,277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,079,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,362,991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,413,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) &lt;i&gt;Accounting Standards Codification&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 820, &lt;i&gt;Fair Value&#13;Measurementsand Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;, provides the framework for measuring fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy&#13;that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted&#13;quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable&#13;inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC 820 are described as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Level&#13;1. &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets&#13;that the Company has the ability to access.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Level&#13;2. &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Inputs to the valuation methodology include the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities&#13;    in active markets;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in&#13;    inactive markets;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset&#13;    or liability;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable&#13;    market data by correlation or other means.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;If the asset&#13;or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset&#13;or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Level&#13;3. &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The asset&#13;or liability's fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is&#13;significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize&#13;the use of unobservable inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Following&#13;is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies&#13;used as of December 31, 2014 and 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The majority&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s short-term investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;valuation of its Level 1 investments, which include mutual funds, is based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical&#13;securities. The Company&amp;#146;s valuation of its Level 2 investments, which include certificates of deposits, is based on other&#13;observable inputs, specifically a valuation model which utilized vendor pricing for similar securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The preceding&#13;methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future&#13;fair values. Furthermore, although the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market&#13;participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could&#13;result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The following&#13;table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, the Company&amp;#146;s financial assets at fair value for the years ended&#13;December 31, 2014 and 2013. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is&#13;significant to the fair value measurement:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets&#13;    and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Certificate of Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;149,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;149,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets&#13;    and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;    3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Certificate of Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;56,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;56,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,072,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,072,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;462,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;462,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;925,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;925,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,874,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,874,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company has two separate operating segments, the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois&#13;that sell the Company&amp;#146;s fermented dairy products.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting&#13;provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating&#13;resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the&#13;board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company&#13;relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to&#13;consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States. The Company had less than $1&#13;million in revenues attributable to its retail locations during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012.The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s annual revenues attributable to its three retail locations are considered not to be material and accordingly&#13;the Company has not presented financial information separately for this segment.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Substantially all of the&#13;consolidated revenues and assets of the Company are within the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;manufactures probiotic, cultured, functional dairy health food products. The Company&amp;#146;s primary product is kefir, a dairy&#13;beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt, in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to the drinkable products,&#13;Lifeway manufactures &amp;#147;Lifeway Farmer Cheese,&amp;#148; a line of various farmer cheeses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Sales&#13;of products by category were as follows for the years ended December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lifeway Farmer Cheese&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,266,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,388,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,777,033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Drinkable Kefir other than ProBugs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;110,297,098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;90,441,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;73,003,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;ProBugs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,867,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,126,630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,628,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Frozen Kefir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,784,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,010,034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,344,058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;130,215,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;108,966,094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89,754,007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;April 6, 2015 and May 14, 2015, the Company received letters (the &amp;#147;Nasdaq Notices&amp;#148;) from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC&#13;(&amp;#147;Nasdaq&amp;#148;) notifying the Company that because it had not yet filed with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for&#13;the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 (the &amp;#147;Form 10-K&amp;#148;) and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter&#13;ended March 31, 2015 (the &amp;#147;First Quarter Form 10-Q&amp;#148;), the Company is not in compliance with the periodic filing requirements&#13;for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company, by filing this report, has filed the&#13;Form 10-K. The Company is diligently working to file the First Quarter&amp;#160;Form 10-Q and the Company&amp;#146;s Quarterly Report&#13;on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2015 (the &amp;#147;Second Quarter Form 10-Q&amp;#148;) and to regain compliance&#13;with Nasdaq Rule 5250(c)(1).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity&#13;of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Credit terms&#13;are extended to customers in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&amp;#146;&#13;financial condition and generally requires no collateral. Balances expected to be paid beyond one year are classified as long-term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related&#13;assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts,&#13;and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense&#13;as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;31 and 39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 &amp;#150; 12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 &amp;#150; 7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for intangible assets at historical cost. Intangible&#13;assets acquired in a business combination are recorded under the purchase method of accounting at their estimated fair values at&#13;the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable&#13;intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least annually. Brand assets represent&#13;the fair value of brands acquired. The Company amortizes other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, as disclosed&#13;in the table below.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company reviews intangible assets and their related useful lives&#13;at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may&#13;not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist, including: a change&#13;in the competitive landscape, any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies, a loss of a significant customer, or&#13;a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company&amp;#146;s products or changes in the&#13;size of the market for the Company&amp;#146;s products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;If the estimate of an intangible asset&amp;#146;s remaining useful&#13;life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful&#13;life.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are being amortized over the following useful&#13;lives:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8-12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&#13;income taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting&#13;and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification&#13;of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to&#13;an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are&#13;expected to reverse.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;principal sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax&#13;purposes, unrealized gains or losses related to investments, capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes, purchase price&#13;adjustments, and the recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts for financial statement purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 84%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31 and 39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5 &amp;#150; 12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5 &amp;#150; 7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 84%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trade names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The cost and fair value of investments classified as available for&#13;sale are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;530,328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(64,046)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;445,337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10,624)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180,120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,075)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,948,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(270,179)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,104,381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(346,924)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,779,140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,006,169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(32,181)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,072,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;464,585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15,449)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;462,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;973,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49,420)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;925,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,498,934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;114,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(97,050)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,516,380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value&#13;of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment&#13;category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December, 2014, 2013&#13;and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Less Than 12 Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12 Months or Greater&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;162,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;141,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14,993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;303,685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(64,046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,056,140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(194,641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;497,277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(75,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,553,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(270,179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,733,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256,393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;638,694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(90,531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,372,455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(346,924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Less Than 12 Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12 Months or Greater&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;213,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(32,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;213,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(32,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;224,125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;224,125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;615,986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(42,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;712,712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,053,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(90,456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,150,059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(97,049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Less Than 12 Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12 Months or Greater&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrealized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Certificate of Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149,965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;485,890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred Securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;178,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate Bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,680,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,996,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;December 31,&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,142,526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,551,505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,757,332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;819,478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;554,174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;882,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,962,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,105,679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,639,972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(719,778 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(238,804 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(434,896 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,242,226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,866,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,205,076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes and the income&#13;tax computed at the statutory rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,427,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,666,223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,000,457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;214,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;744,974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;838,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers&amp;#146; deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;463,646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(455,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(427,525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(138,008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58,982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(88,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(206,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,242,226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,866,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,205,076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized&#13;tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at January 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes interest accrued related&#13;to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31, 2014,&#13;2013, and 2012, the Company recognized approximately $64,600, $-, and $- in interest and penalties, respectively. The Company had&#13;approximately $64,600 and $- for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at December 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Amounts for deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Non-current deferred tax assets (liabilities) arising from:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Temporary differences -&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,075,095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,896,058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,164,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52,632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total non-current net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,075,095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,843,426 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,028,518 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current deferred tax assets arising from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital loss carry-forward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized losses (gain) on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(7,589 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(41,260 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233,366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;307,910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;265,072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39,120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal income tax expense computed at the statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,427,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,666,223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,000,457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;214,970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;744,974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;838,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. domestic manufacturers&amp;#146; deduction &amp;#38; other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;463,646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(455,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(427,525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Additions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(138,008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in tax estimate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58,982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(88,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(206,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, &amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-09&amp;#148;),&#13;which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, including most industry-specific requirements.&#13;ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised&#13;goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange&#13;for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty&#13;of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. In July 2015 the FASB decided to delay the effective date for implementation&#13;of ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date, the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than its first quarter&#13;of 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated&#13;financial position, results of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application, either full or modified.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;July 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for measuring inventory.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The core principal of the guidance is that&#13;an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net realizable value is the estimated&#13;selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This&#13;guidance does not apply to inventory that is being measured using the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=lway_RecipesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=lway_CustomerListsAndOtherCustomerRelatedIntangiblesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=lway_FormulaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_DisclosureAccruedExpensesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'

M+GAM;
W:2V[;
!`&X*L8VA86S9?[0)Q-TVT;(+D`*XTMPJ)(D(SCW#Z4G`2M
MX19)&P/_QK(\Y


7QE+3D3.I]H&&$EG[Z$PN
MIW'#@FFV9D-




@J
M4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM`D56@RI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(



M2P


K/
MD/#7!T_/GU!+`P04`````#=.0Y';;X&RS(#``Y#@``$````&1O8U!R;W!S
M+V%P<YX;6R]5TUSVC`0_2L:3NTA

MA?[ZKFUP#

%4R`F4X:+(*`Z$'N'G36AH3#1Q'

(RK63O[TP



M\DHUI
N;5D(5I\*TB.9_\;';RMWFN]DZB+11[F^I

Y5(X[T

J
MUWGAWV


M


^?'BC#DJYR'U1?U33-J)E071PX9Z^+AR<ZFU29@-P(
MB*J@FP=S)-3YY?)[=WR/JG&63Y+L^LTGRZSJR*?%K/9VV&R;_X&P[H;XM\Z


M)P``$P```'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_#`J5
7K5::0##.'W)
M$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RT

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT








M0[=R2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&
M3E[2)1(4BK`


W)#V%0E\Z[:


+$CN'M
MB[\!4$L#!!0````(`-TY#D=0;2I


M;
U6VXK;
!#]%:&4L@LEME
VO:QM*`N!0KL4-@]]6V1;=@2ZN/(X=?;KJXMC


M:TCC4LEI*19(X^8);0DW_I%USQ57&H'IE='@$$D$]1YWA+-

PN61#^\_#


D
8U`:!:KLP&



ME0#RP^1GYK4:]I!?X&#KCRE\-*27U+3W^_:J




/ZO2'\!4$L#!!0````(`-TY#D=NZFI]IP0`


MM#GL9J9-



MMVF\T+/2&JV[5O&/KE&X@GLY$N[1J[)WHA=WW^-(3)/).`#OE5-W2BO_-$VZ



/%98&
M0`6`BEW02UOV-R.@`.(`XN\J[52X)8`F`)KL@JZ$;ZV

30]







:+[P+$F;[[Y?/P?



MS9&R%@O99?`+XS@0V]J&XB*`

R7



M*HB

V


5M]X?RV.[KXZPI7Q[G7^!A(TTON2C^WI?GEES/




M5/2K#0]!WO2-A)9G[:6U9IBN





/2GAY
3FBG024=@
4
MD1A5I!,[UT9K%U)WXI

MC(N5J$
&@\IPE;)74O8:_CR0%*F?P(=3?B*GJ-`ZD9-0*7@E!:_A#P.IHVDR


K3]?7F
M[1WKZG]02P,$%`````@`W3D.1_GG^_0H`@```P<``!@```!X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T
RYX;6R%E=&.HR`8A5_%^``CB(IMK

M



0E06T=5W:%K:R89W@:#'3?@
UQ4$1C(J?C=TD
XX
M
/`[SC_





^8(A=QE6



MW&C_KNKJHMG_O7OHGZ-;M5P\U(_5Z[[_UKS]7D_/8(8&[YM]=_J[N'_M^N9P



MM.R=SV0`;3F8^\N\^ZX=R]Z=[PC9ZSR)#YDP876QUQ:IT7K7&A(!0]A1M7Z
MS+KGUH-HW;..T)`)5YQS'=B8R+R`)N.9+K[&&84:,M^!^?9*]!WX(%`J6=G
MLN!&X(U&(F2BXTVJ%S?L9H`95Y'S#U;AY$\Y-FRKKW%CV)IHI4Z2RB#V)5
ME*G26B3-4G?=/^3^.2F\6%C;23.]96U(*Q(KHTB5@
&2G)
R52JG*
SRC[E_

]`(!,J%7JM'<R8YN&UVEA!)RO





_RUR`

M?

M[)T+XV+1@9

AH3+*




+R&\GF/U!+`P04`````#=.0Y'2WC$IX8$``!P%P``&````'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U+GAM;)V837.C.!&_XK+]PQ2MSY3CJLV7]X];-74


Z*8M3R'Q6I+_ZXW9W/![Z7PP;POP!
`3`

!^@A0#N#3OKN'N?F








M4&)Z%\PMJ$_`&5S$`$$

MS4CV9








NWFCMDAO=!!\

M`MM.=H)UBM)D2.N/28/*6/?6\$Y;BWS6(VA
D#4!1=H
1DH'(^]NA@
`&PJ(

METU8&5C.G4R8X
Z`%KRXD-LLGC.JP
3!Y=7.S$R7U$ON*Y`:BYDH=N8$$
\+

F
X1-J_@A.+)D-



MFPZF#A%])



`HH3FB$9^RC&^J2
M8LSUGYC^6UG_*7\`A?FQ_2(FX:-ICNK/@/DT!_:+Y
']H3X]G=^`M+/[YO78




M;(53VT[C

T+:A*(U%6!Y60CSL/KO)Y)L3[=AOU[?$ELT+B
M)9Z9G'/FC_YB/K-M`6?$BAS)&VUO8'QDS9@N3F!GM0[D^-6G+K4MTPTVO@



M6*(PX4O*P5B4
X42R3_BVJFPCO'/-IEHWQ/2B9`NA+M`8+%1L/F+6U[D&D=B

F4DXKS()@3OW;%BE=T]
K





\'Q!TPC[(-@A=+&+ZD&ZU#-%$H4?T^KT'$=TY]]

NBYRW\XJ85

$
M%`````@`W3D.1Q*R%[2D`0``L0


M\PA'+UBA-.%+JM%85`N%$L7?XBKZL$[Q3Y[

*?^88N


$%`````@`W3D.1WV+R&2D`0``L`
`




M


J





M&;)_'S^`



`CRE=1V=:932BIH.:#
MM
\X_H)IA)T7+%&:\7E8RJF4*)XN]Q%5U8Q_@G2R;:UX1T(J0+X3X06&P4





P$/T5



M%$H4?X^K:


MA$-DG_`\ZW@-?[BN16O(!:T[V7`

[%^MXI6)B

$%`````@`W3D.1Y+0'JD`0``L0,``!D```!X;]W;W)K

3


MG3.;4%)#PT=I7W#Z#O








MX4O*P5A4




F


P$/T5RQ]0$Y*T:420FE:K

MVQT9
T4#BIL;[*!U?RK4BEN7ZIJ93@



MWQSN
G;U0B
F4LXKS(Q@3OW+%BE=T]

M;C7B83UBQ)S7F/M/3=AB3Q7H.EP=0PKL6QNW=*[.M_


$
M%`````@`W3D.1Y2PS(:D`0``L0


+_F(^L6T`):\*=F9$VVM[8^






L
MF[8K%BF;JFH?*D5Y:)^]




M'Z9YQ^@ZW$0Y!L$9IXY?4HW6H9@HEBK^F




CCF;S!JW+@
*8[



M-@HVOW++BUSC2$S/_=GM3@ZNO8A3)B:HZ3B]




WV;











/*/[V







MA5/;;IPP$/T5RQ\0L^PEU8I%RJ:*VH=*41[:9R\
8
7V$-LLZ=_7%R!L%2DO


ZH7/A1;2=P56%FSA
MU4*!M@(U,=<Z

M91#RC=\FS8^6@;B.9_6G.*UW?^$6'E'^$;7KO-F
DAH:/DCW@N
/F$;8!\$*


VEZ;]3ZZK7


)!






MV%Z

WF7SB[SG#?SE

SY)(J*T/?[E8QRL5$XO]_$65UI\`%!+
M`P04`````#@.0Y'U#G.4GD``Y0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE
M970R,RYX;6R-EM&.HR`4AE_%^`C0*UM8TVFL]GL7FPRF8O=:]K2:D;%!=K.


;9[

]5WJ#M[OQB7/%=!;IDUXEE3Y'38.&G92YS?6]&$X6

NR4(/E3,*S1F80
M@NJ_)^!J/.(=G@LOK.VL+YR(`NO9@*D84HB#<T1/^P.I]PC`N`W@]&LYLAG


%(T'?X\AD&


MQ0M-F$@YK3%7!''J-RU2O*6G:XO/Z?N9OH\)]YN$_R&0S0)9%
@V`OOM$2/F
MM

:&G^%ET5/
+F.M[;N+JGU_A\BLH
M_P%02P

M+W-H965T

8*TO


M.
5SXI6UG?4)4A9DX=5
@#1


R!7^.VE^E/3$=3RK?P_=.O<7:N!9\3^LMITSFV!4
M0T

[3=S-]%QWN-@X/]P7VL\`^NPW`E^W+4;


M


M`(4J4C;8OCXOZ]KD@]+OI@6PZ$-P:8ZXM;8[$&+*%@0U=ZH#Z79JI06U;JD;





MNN$3\Y%W+&_T?-;TM/7



_K9)]L

M8QY^F)!%XP3H)MQ/@TK52QO[-E?G)_8AL9_PXN\HPW\H[IATJSLN[ZA%[7

$%`````@`X#D.
M1X)\MW*D`0``L0

H('7@:0D

MO1'8$PW-D=ZGAU/N$0'P1\!D-C'QWL^(+S[Y71]IXBV`A

8_UVRS9XJT&VX.H94./8V;NE:




ME:(\M

`D[Q4MBU![UF6!HQ6]@F=-


M(T;






!X;!9N_N.5YIG$@

I^%,/N%YUO$:_G%=B]:0,UIWLN$8*D0+SD1R=4U)X][/G$BH
MK`_W+M;Q2L7$8C<]D/F5YA]02P,$%`````@`X#D.1UU;L2&O`0``%@0``!D`
M``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


`6/*N9&N.

^RM





)50T!F!'=%0G^G#[G3)/(`?@L8S2HFWOL5

?[)CA/M8T(Z

M+AO

7G7A*WV5(%NPM4QI



&
M%V09[;W)O*
+O`*
ME!HA;?SWJGFS-




*31F80

MU;9S9A.






=M.Y/A5IQZU)=
]-IX&4@

KQ?6_


$=2D





B83*^O#6

K_2_`-02P
$%`````@`X#D.1V/?56*D`0``L0
``!D```!X

1MO*@_AFF=^Q
W









/BSYY0/NP2E(P;KVW=
M*+

M6$O(*R8448THK844TX^Z)^WN]N4D9$;1N&!$=^Z92[2*?=J2D]9O8F_H17

M971S+W-H965T





QB23)MD@4GF<SX2LM`8#DCI8<A
D=+#D'3:9!.8
M;#R!;%H`)X&+<?)G#Z(+&?XX-#'*Q^RFB%!0@DR)RKY[I_'81EAKX[(C#K
M82'A.944@,*H\:@]<9`7UX45.HIKK;ON-.P.G?Z1N/;V2_RAE[@%Y67JE;H

7#0L&9VVG*S.777?N%EHT_64SW'C%?U!+`P04





-

MD=A])O


,.ZS.IYV'P1-G<,%E<PMV$MTUIF563)*O5QASD'\U66KV,?=W2Y
M8EVLE\'![!U1S&^F((G@S.ZMM'=\FIUJW@[J=[B8WZM::$O7ITU5=NB&?R)^
M:UH1G)A4K]P\R2MC$JN`T8LZUEI5ZVE`\%7J;J'ZW!8P.YL&\OQ])]0_0-0
M2P



UGM#UKH\IK21R5XJM]YE7S
MO+3?





O9F


M9(



5J?&-

M@_)=T%J4I^B)S9#-H
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0Q+GAM;(54R8ZC,!#]%8L/:+.&*)(632:.8S4ZL/

M8$2^\`Y:O5)RP8C2H:BP[`20JR4QBD/?WV!&FM;+
YM[%7G&;XHV+;P*)&^



A?

4@V:;H&.RUA


]%Z[%7*!X-SX8
MTZN5_P=02P

ZWGS%L0D08:@:=-8=9

GA





U:*:NV#W1Y4S5V
0AQ\4AM%W!A4X7


M

MUO\#4$L#!!0````(`.`Y#D=@

*[$2



M`'UU`(T#2#I`CP-T

]LS#E


MF<E3XC1:%O/VLRBH#%`!:J[?FXW0





8-F695!`BG$#`AP)II:O23N8J34;


UH8
B=U!!

7&G]-KJ^.J6

#






&.

Q)NH3;ASB8


)6


M]M(GT]+*S.[IP-E%VRVQ+??CS!^TZ
;A/'TARK]02P
$%`````@`X#D.1W;(


_^5M
;E?$K_.G1KZ
]4L5SP7W6A*P
+?:]@);UQ_2;Z;VQL(;*!
M%\'5\/0N-Z5%




11PS^'





5.V]?
SN)PA1@:6AXO
!7D[FR'@_


MA`
A'`G!ZEM-!B.R'^EA`/A'A&P&XI=B..1)$\$[Q'LB.F.X*-A@LCHI61



MEC!HR8=KF\ZV@_N#LM&V;8A'0SP;HN2_!C0:T

I^FL)M]%&49;LLJ7)5F&HOASG&2%DRQP
M5GN6.IS$6P?I5;)\2U8M9!!CF'^.DZYPT@4.VL1)_=U)$$3I)HXO2R&


C5_INV8MP
MX5Q1G08?='FU?O+F`:



M\.
8U-01`H!&#:_:


FACG0(UN_;1<)C-E1J]YG)(L


K

M@P]SFD43
M+$1P_7@6CBQ&YH!N`((^$'1RVG!PH5]JX)9:`Y&S`0`GJZ7&D5$:QWY.T:(8
M=_PL?O+^7+4JV$MMZOI8A$]2:F'

--'6T[&X7

M[VFGWYRY:(G2I;@`V0M*3I;4
A!#B$!+FBZL2KOV*JJ27Q5K.OHJ`GEM6R+^










2YX;6R%
M4UM/@S`4_BM-?X!EL$NR
!*G




2U@$P3U*&]]D



M&(5?!?$`

@&W\Y_OF-A





IK+M@F@JB!X%D0UN02;F=RQQ67`V

M$EM(M(#D^P;Q;)!8@]@8]
8@L)D&3.U,5T1I+XQRXXL`E)UURK.CDBE4

M]SG9S(&6DSD'*0S#S6.0.9@XA#E:GP/@W)`!7\DOS*]M+[PSD^JRF9M1
R:)
M

MHHI2X0$``

M
!#]%8L/6`/VDFU$D')1U3Y46NU#^^R$:U
;6=L/W[^@*$1&C;%^P9GW-\

MN?9?=+IH(\5(B9!@'V%L6C_V826+!]HR(1T(Z41(LD\)90&X%^2J`#@3X0

2%+L'V<QBAJR1;A!WN8*LOA+X\N
:S7RU`5;YG-#K)
M2VO;YBR4UMN4W=5'O([VZZANVXR1=ZQGXP536M1D=I[$7TM^8LI0'K+WYZ

3U;Q5]02P
$%`````@`X#D.1[I53Q)Q

M?=WR3M:BBWI^6


MO!JA$0
&S-K%9!


MQL7!+










D)H.O1*S@UT0WPXG1CB!.LA
@B((

KT_


MT+)BMUYAJV#1!/;8K#!AG



M?JH*0*



[FK\V59(!T$O+E)IP)9



M;



M_*RZ-WV0TB0?3=WJ17HPYCC+
KTYR*;4C^HH6WMGI[JF-+;9[3-][&2Y[8N:
M.D





TG


MZPG$B+5/4
0PBE&%3T'


M



P$/P5


MB=/]J'X?NG7NM]3`6O$W5MO6F4TPJJ&A!VY?5/\`0PMS+[A3W(0OVAV
56*D

MIU==?0-02P


M=:DK8S8
0$DOY




M:/

0XK
PG'@-&+MMO
[*4?#C[0HAU&W3AOBW]02P
$%```

^E_+31HY!WLHGH








2YX;6R-EM]N
MFS`8Q5\%\0#%_[!Q19#:1--V

M[#M1724(`)K4HFSB(N_Z7MHB5Q=3E8U\:2-]J6O1_GV6E;JN8AC?.E[+X\FX



A


*.`F1&Y_



X`4+1V?)Z20YNF_`



M]S@W@*R9\9U$\\C
.$%PL1^H;DIBW)ELENR@OT/R3!WO_CG[*_9
^CJE@D

M=9.7\.:BJJ^S-?Q97W[5W-1YMFRN\GQ]O?HJ]/WTJ^NL*'\E-V7QPR8_K3;E









IH!U%*6\

%!X/F)
M[_F^CW/#HTS?N

M!TN8PJ*ZSN4Z^W'XT?O\8E



MD=$C




DKV#'`=DT$#E=5TQR98[6%)C1[0'NP902%?5H^
MD'
=OLL0MZ[R-7)U=$X)SMY$7?!L
3B\CLCV3;OQQ@W5Z?
QKN]6DU+K6
M`1R0X!6C!H+FM(



U2S(<$KF1N[7IJ.1E;W+=!*B:<#MAQW
MI&AE3R9]L*




U69)
MPC^M42_;9N@XV6CF30

?8Y6253T^^X=WX
MF/WH//Z#LY9?%B6.*[_)5LC`C!VF3]*A3:S'9ARQCOHB:H/[:4KGAH)YN$=
M`5/:H(:YH^7[?)E?WVC-C@?=;9)QM=JUX8



.5JRJNBOQ6/Z[Z@7)-MO43QW
MR;5#&6X)$#T?E9



?
2V_T#I$8C1+4^;USBW:A#0-]Q[:^V]2+JZQA
MXULQ;OH&27V1YTO5M6-?MS.NA=MROL7VCD#=LU5G#3=.(_!^RQG]W.S)IF&)
MU@7;7?NA/`3;]^/T*E]\W\@[8
7K'

'J3=




MXX38)-.UA58@3`@X`@T63L6FH!0#$!$K;^&D4SMFY`&SA^\)K':SP-V.SR


+82^-#[C


P'7=Z5;1DZ`9C)FKC

HU=PH8)*QY(`!J$X9D9J6&UJ2'
MP`30;#;G3;$L

;
@E@/@*OE[F2O+!P<UW\!J6<%4T
M5=TV43QOS@7,C?;HJ%;GOXZNP(E$0C*O5+:.&D7K0('0$XPT;=;Y_#EHF
M.1S0PGA$L]$\Z8_H


_)VV&@$Y!#X$@
M!06Y&X4$D!A`]B'2!&N]SK[/K9D20
UA95.%$M`/
@N+C13X?/#83D:$=D



M9QP!Q[./M]A]O+?'

MK#H\J

S?TZJ_(*FBV(M\$8^'OF/('TV







MOM4[K(5Q
Q]AYB

T%CDG`:DTY6*W%57%[!


M65DV]ZM;P
-
##1T4N);
0G$R#%]G&R2`!N`54QJTZADT^)OLND0S\
*OK



6'\//
V0?-(L&08D
M:!-[4_:Z@B0VV-IS5`_[@F,Q-1JKIAQ
[_7)MI<G.O/02;:
M1(0F#T
I3P%(Q5H@N!D)\A_73

SO5%MVNC0UFCYH&
M(L-E19('C6*A2Z.-B6:(G_XJ7.!%\+4JB=$T2N2/*Q1&X
5$.X`;XKN+M3E)
M=''B/+^OT`M0
I]R4*.5CK9WPZ@OAH)2FL'GM(96(!E80#HEI$;5*`@4@3J
MCM'O_)[ZU!*Q$AUQ/&HXY!_S0G(X]F[#5@=%=CV[


MM


D[9&MD;=E`LECFNDT0)B1FQ@W=T(9I[J
MLI']F\1!4N.

TTZR:9'5/_4(W`'#R





_QP_M:=B2

M9F;7V3UMV+F1@=GL94




M8^2O[T`DP/(BH`2[-K7'2R

M*,Q&JW)U;]#.,@SF/V;76G!TT'R]`C4#H2D/.M#Y'H:YW]Y.I,NX048I\EM]
MN#A[AUG9`(L%BK=LVE]
PWL--W$PBQ;(.J.WU:Y4K6,Z8.):%8P2ZM4*((
M)LG.6@_6O%;9%M
T).:F
L




M+;6*US0JSH
2CJ&]5E%PUTZ;^`*MF#+O7W/P:VXGJF#31&V8TWF5U:1Y
Z
S


M?9V12I


O]?TM/UK58U4TZV[R*5LG(4N#!@:H
UX2

!%TQG7C?=9[YX<R+HMAH4W'$;Z)TYJ6)W_X=QMXL\<6!G$%K8&H$
MA#8C%#T/9NIYFQJJ`UBC)0T\4=TXAGZT$O-EX+8J.D!)_Q9S?B8PR*
/`V`



X5OCC
`7$BM




MA$

8`A





M=M$Q=2TQC'4I1L.5\

M.U;)Q/


-$X8`4'\

M3U'@F3
PXS15XX-
&:O!IE





M2&Y'906EB:EO_]X6:0:$%3@E63

M



ME7*:AG
08N*^JOG*NDOGO*=O*[-CLZ&[;YUDGNBE[B4VF'(&!


MS4%I2%'RC.$X1`TFE8:C=&G'$'/X10.B)^B:4YPOL89'`$_2F3B^V3;.B#B
MF8)NDQ*A-$N#
?6G2WHW4B2)83:#+
#;?G*#;).RGOQ8&)'(ZO6B!_OZN(6



AU

FSG6N



KP;0%EN1M-*
'O^\.)4
M!3(U^MJVN@*%(X`V=%&C:W



M3.!?LRADO`203].`D1(P



M\^1G&
E#SFB@-3`D:E$G)@EVT3%';DNLIXR0A;GST$:$*FY`-XW7Z%0DCE`T


MOJ

P`_5FM!+





MDX$3

MD;

*

M-U^/=

VKUO\4I.RTCU:WUT5(-[4BRLR+)RW

!2-L-






\&PH5.NLFXW=DMM&:*A0HI.6G#3/

UP(JQY
MD1OS?(6QSC07X#0<@PRQ(US6CK$U61``J4461<%%5`N065^-:WO
)4G9FS%


N&0S._$\)58U)I$AIB;`/LV)=/
MRLBR
+'F-
\5
]W\1U8I!+-UK/\QF
U$VE!2_F&5^#@OKSB6;6F9&/!V7;W4

.2B6)D0F








M.O7\*!+/S?)_AYM@NS*!+7^SN6QD$)`USO/G

?8NPJ1E0G^)


TR^P&O$*!(






M
<::WK0)I!^
MR)QH\5P^&S#UA3F(?V+:)#5S=&H(_-WH+T:BF14)6NB`KNI!%X]F6*YWM

^LKRP7CQ(TGU[F
M7#ZES+EX6)ES5\7R\3+G*$]]VC+GH\]'RYP+2ZO=O\QY'T^^`PD`$.2%+HGM


MH/Y+J*`^V$'T5M)U;_SQHBUH/L@VA(Z:I]17Y[C:)]57-Z3LD?75Q1/KJTM'

M]F%H9IOA]&$UV





M0;B'5(D=TZS.VG+/F+I69[#J9K^*0:Z/







-$WF#H0((BT0`TS*
?


MJI''`56A1Q2


12A*+5JL:[4_8Y
BF.5L)T@-?6IL
1%[5





M59C]!ETZ[W


!WN,6MH^2D[RCYS]=TBOZG_%_&`J$?C;J%.GX%SPY*[3<!
M]DG2Z

Q=)^3

4.)YP8HU8U!<PCL_=S


M0#$






O8V]R92YX;6Q0



P(``&0(
M```-````````````````8D0``!X;]S='EL97

MW3D.1V[J:GVG!```/!


2YX;6Q02P$%`,4`````#=.0Y'






M%`````@`W3D.1T3)')BU!0``D1H``!@``````````````(`!)BP``'AL+W=O









3

`


4`````#=.0Y'*0?/B*8!``Q`P``&0``````````````@`'K0```

R&

``!D`````````````






M%`



C@N

``!D``````````````(`!



M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$%`,4`````#@.0Y'DR'VK*



M+W-H965T



4



M`Q0````(`.`Y#D?16U1]G@(``*()```9````````````````8R$``!X;]W



M;6Q02P$%`,4`````#@.0Y':5O&K/0!``!D!0``&0``````````````@`&(





YX;6Q02P$%`
4````

M`A0#%`````@`X#D.1S6BBE+A`0``P@0``!D``````````````(`!390``'AL



M+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`.`Y#D=+CX]20,``)@-```9```````````````



 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_IncomeTaxReconciliationPermanentDifferences'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_IncomeTaxReconciliationPermanentDifferencesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_AdditionsForTaxPositionsOfPriorYearsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_ChangeInTaxEstimate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_ChangeInTaxEstimatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_lway_SupplementalCashFlowInformationTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




M/J0WZ/-`ZRN@KX+9XP0-5T(V#NG=V8



W`*
MB

2]%B3+:F['L=/#]XMKM1;0=
OX


[S2EI/NKX3V`]RJX


MM_]+:`UND9L0'&



R'V?4FU01;
NDONIF4]\5'NT<

M9';Q!OD4
U?2!_%X%;0TC;]JJ6E//*(`^\Y#
DI\9U]9E:F^9
LZMMP@%X_W



<F45;'

KN[LMI[QXYK$M(2X[=KGPJ;3LV/


;4E.PK8\<-QGW`R!O_W![2I4`/

M

G[=3!:5.K;<7'R/0NGD$6@O]C!Q4Z
2A



PJ(5*;ZDE


ME-J9Q%;2J&
T:CGAE7SH+A_:2(0E'[K+AS829



404]

M$+CAZ(

F#



MHCFEZGX

?6$N.?T6OE*GO^5)?]22:O%
M
695$\9^YXE[+RG'AO.S0FY3WWJ5Q*R3]Z@%

NF-R9N


M564=&AL`PU1UE6\C7


`FF+:1D44M`
+$\;-
MP+MB!Z#/GXPN4=P$*XB0A-RQBDCL0F8E92G:JIJ8*\)FCL8._;ZYAFVVCV

8*RE0LVU#%X-X^T0S

:%X6/&)*N@:=


$RH
M`C
G2LO*J(6DBC9TW3)
OJLHA^





M

M-(QHL

MX(NZ44L!SZ(JM@7X68`F*WCK^&PMQC
*$I26N#A'4Y]_`%BT^1B`ZRCSI%5&
M)$@8V]2A!C38
*KZ!K:`J@/(3QF7!G2&HUG



K6R!VJK\'06(.#YKW-X(!^G6FQ@_H^FRM:;2.-4T#8WK
M=]:(%4$I:G'=@JIM;@5J?:
VGF]YORM5`SH*D:'(XE2=6@B!J'
MQNI`YXTCB$?`1*9I6J9AUX$RGZ9LR$X:5'7-S,,R%U45C:I:-\'5'[Q00.0

M'

\)50).'=/5Q&H

M4^H#`'BW5Q

MVPV]R';#

Y6:L%2CA@-*&Y(6@X4EV^6%95'
#3YZE


+JH!)=F6(9AF7J&X%6GPHJ5'3%K*ZPV:K9:T32A48G3H3=U*OZ
M28SJ=I8YZ[\^\;GT&JDB(M:-P^IK:M+RQ<T%JM4'^B?#C$[U^_$R]PB.Z




MY$4GYE:+J0BDJ2FXQ@)3[:MAS(S[#4)GS$[\3QGTUQ3@TN*9O*S,44B:\,3
M-([J%/;

3Z9M547=5JPCM#0T0(.TUHDP.(?1/89M;!%8H502G:7JESLQ1M
M*U!%TAU5L_AC)BNBI(^Q;\RC



MK9!K98^)K0Q:=-..J@#0#G*AK@C`






M`]K\
N7.UE2$E;JNVV!].%.SDK08%R$O7;D\F2/ZX;A/.$#D[3CP&I^RTW0[

M/7


M%4NTP[7X1#FB`\O




%XBEGU#88#
2
M05+=6!N%([!3PU)
)6=DI2R

_@3
MJW#Y=/7-'V;%N\]\RF!+D$_8'IH26

=N2GFC/PA6S?_8?E^N^P`U(5M47

ML4E6!MF*8(





MIL!8X.K50SCU[VS*


AKA`$1

LV6HAKP
M-GU(X'L84N4A+SA&Q_G/`QF*5FP(DN7*?P*&R``04?79T``K.W\'X!`Y*









M/*
[6B



MQ-J*XT[^?YB#G*ZLU_9FH.1_6
Q3@*DL









M
$.DPK+2@6`DXODEHKJT5

MZ@Q6GT6XR:5D@)TF)`

!YP[\EC626

$_(K1PJSVA8D\




M1=`%!1LJ7$I[S%@1\)B(
#U/(@`C6U$2IZ'8Y:B0/J-FWI$O#ZA0_H;!A$:0



4P.P&17

%&=9T\4F$
L_
M$)J^\M


A


MT%8YJ5RX)H'4$PQUO]OPC@+`*GU5#2

MUP22A7(
M)A.
;H
7ZA4.)P`_3!('33+Q8-PLN3H7A34AZ-E51TB[2561O[Z


M

MX@.L_7.I[QL

5F)
%4BHW-&53[5V







G6@2)L./KH
M28((.$8VF90YY*_1$F3RI\2%3$8'0FKJF_
KQ.-5=H;+Z^A6P0KL7
F=?Z0

M%LF

MC\K@

M^5R]2?


%G1RR
M4UF&V82JV;48I-4$K&XBKBHQT9'15-]L=
06KK+@*WIU
#-1.$0:?X[J.WY'



EUE2Y;+#


)ZV



0Y5DAC/P
QEVR1WBYY[NV
M+VA?_,IF%]*H;9LI53RD32\T=2D(L&N%BW33D1[
;PV01;&;FD2+BQO;%6I

HKM6JU&M3#!!B;I
MPX[Y!7SAG+-IQU5FIFXK%3%SCDJD%X=5]O$E5&3)((^9+D/!=]OD2+SZKO

D4<;T-N:HF[972;K2&5G(NV@!OD^UY28KA[+:23-)






M#`'I


]'
;M*4
#W:32\X1M^1QS?D9K/)C3UP


M@]V9Q5=!$AU@
&RA'4ET@




/770NBD=M:KLC



7(%





MT'2Y87R+CHYTPIQ_PQS!1]QE'LO`



/P92P_/VN^6D:TN_16OYQ


MY7/K)U!5^\NG_T`=6TLV?=(#96Y!V;6CKF&]!L.7-Z/!L
&P)LD@Y[KQX\__

)CK`H!E?6&/J#0Q;G!T&S=CBQG/IP/6^







S'

MF


-5-)L^TG4'FG;E:

M)EZ_:E#UC7[K4X
J2FDJX'94IFBM&LF4ZL^KP)Q5[F;)KB[9FJ93=4+,IE-
MU2=JF4W5S+U85










M52_(U(=-=63-UG2'7X?!M-O4&C4&!L
B!@;#(@8&PR(&!L



M'\8Z
)2T+XF9-L]<90$B:Q#VX@(DMLO<T8^IHME


MI20OIU

EYBU0`OZ0CAF/5PHE,\@X1$?W.W8T/_YIS*_G07!

=?TP3X(H.OW@

MS_
0N*7
6/TL+@N%PM_8]+^^^92EP3G=F#!_Q6I^&S9MX[US7\?11!6D`K
S[S;$7)];8:VO9/?IML=SG7?%N<U!FDA$B6?:3'K(2;UU

MPGV6IGLG-VW
5U5V[$/*O6M-@$]U$H9G`/JH9YQ`G4\1WJ^ONZ'(^.F0O$
MJ4
:+J):M,H4UKR[TZY-_;SHK[VW#ZNLW03


CUOB@Y+@+Q_=%



SKD@'!L-T33V9(

$@]2EY8U'/]NC0'XIGQ)]C

W+7:&Z]/5SC1)<1F


M9JLV5-PKO1V#U+]D_#XH6`W1AR#Y'8/EXEXHO)0HR8L@CN7U1:#;OW%M:MLV




M0?Q7!@2ZSU9[A@6M;IJ2

M
38:(Z.&01D;

M^H

MZCV\&X_?4A*53)5F#JPA)3D#_5QJRT46)/DRS0I5@U?5K!GU6&=%QK(/:/O4
M
X09@


8M



_8<
M^$^6-7Q+/@+=)AFGY']8?
^0E#!RD.2WF\/#_^);'?4_^E'6+@1A.R/90.R
MW@!3_M=J'()9QF1+;ZPW9F!$8;UQ,$GOV7HU,L^QEN`W%A883%GPA_*!9GR

VG+ZV9L=TZ






M9^N[3ZI&T+)EOH*XN01EUTMO(CBMO5&WX''.[]\P_:=
=Z33W)(PLH_0N0)/
MW@



31<J1@@[@)^N\P;P0Q.!S\3E

NG$%

M@';\

MUAE;X697]

MN:U/9=+N&P/HH4PZ5'GO0#'W!W3H&-O3!%4T]`?Z-O6&/;]QR\14])BQ2S9U

N=Q@BF.Y

MA(HL`Q[)&$I=O))@94B8+NKXPA9??Y\]YNN
M9M[]WBN\4Y;S=H.N`3Z-N?_
M9A(/:P[7_Q41IC]CA&E?X9D#UFP_*]OY+_;ME`'?1=H_*H-VYO(OLE?NS+





QXQV1]'M-MY2+/?A=MJ(49`&*<X]#T.C5FV

M_RKAD3*7;5$D$&P#A-8
9
;OU9!SV
3H9E-3K?#]

('N3U#=`9B7DPP0XO'-ZZB=D]BXE5P88H_E8V



M0QC1$:(/:V''N4:HVX09G9BXQ/XQPYBM8+7L`8#4YWL
^IN7P%Q!`\D+9F



M09+_NA1;
MEZ+QB?47ZD4_L/7^*S[`F&S+9T.C#R9'O)BV8\^$

4D$HE;2!')[
XO+BZ2WQ


;F8XPGHGFPDZ:F&#







M?





E/[!BH'LL

A!?D]#Y
M;7(=+B.IID9
:U)$(V7OQ-B)L:
G\Z@8VS^%S

M2?V
E+$6

M)]Y\W1R#;PM7N`N7*SM89\BH^E_8Q(^Y%]B!X]F^8-

MCI_.7

`+`^PS`K#L1W?I!@FA7P'1

MVH4//YX)&SFE_4YT712Z./43.I(F7+F1C9]G(K##]4J
S+GO/]OK/V/0(&E?


PS@&051FSJ58X-Q)XQ?`
BM`B?
VCV

=;P816]I_P8JC^V)F&*0[QU*`T`6A3X(X&48B].8%W8%LF

M?;%[/\WGG@-D8:+!/$AM*,9OG_F@15)P@A_N*!*
0@XBB4CYY3X+9?!KZF


;Q*7DB


M4`4!#GPBS

/0-7X]A

M

EQ
8JO[^T(==W=PH6-1O+OS;\`0N`D

'@/:P''#CR&((K/H&+1QL]#

H_5FVAO^^`'_D//
VT




P

.ZC\'<W8.%.C^BV7VA.G5!T
MF%JH=WC;8R18:HU


MV5F8/OCNY;/OY\/:CMU61)+&C&DJJF1@4E![P:Q++2R3.$3[I.1*NJDS`P

M[$@M:JE+'LM`RK0_!12ZVU7D^8).NXTTVL_PP5X+6?N11K;::%C#LHO=4+0K


M-B



MOTG5%.Y
[`T
QM!\=](-*;9?^1@D8`JFX^@:7UT_
U#CHEN][+&SOVXD_S
M6S8G!

9##FWEVY+G%6`ML
M)$;V__+ZZVL!M#JV6V)?L..@&

?5


MW2X!5


[_F:-74H-G+3V`G]!
S+)//4+[83*10K3M\J1
L+G@`

XE_`NP**]-.0-7*\


]\A1Z
MCEL

OHTI7?AO9`L^]5K`*70;


L]
MX-PJV#Z;45=T_!^P%'5PICYSS7





RIUJNIUI7VS2EP








J!M._?$_9REP


SR\LM?4#F0E+#2-B]N7
PX_LY\V(<9*/@?[G=5/





66:O2R4]X7-








MIB*YKBLG?8.:B&'`

SKSK)



M'4



\M1*E9^
MC3

ZJ-/RC$-#2BF/#+/\A$-S6B6ZR0#/]I
M6


-





M]+TCG%Q4NML#G;WR@.4DW0(V&3]S9.XM9DMWSV7#GZWQS3^_1@/-PO[;MC
MQ%AXS28'98/&2GU*]I)^C@4N&5F+?K-\R@
[R\5R




MCB_:`

)U^8V%@XT2-9NS3ZMZ7Q@N79ZU=
DDDBVI:(
Y30/G?K
M_]S=_?SS_7V57D3Y\.RY9N$3O\V.H1_.`\VZX_;`A)AK5/UX$TANGC8?6Z9
M*A,])WI.]!P%/3DI_V=NL;;OQ5EU(9N/XVP%X73D41Y4\@[%Z\I.`W823;:(
M7)FCO#&X'*8RL62=&-+A,^Q8`H\Q83=5?!4-51B6


?7QZY9KX:=F@:TP#Q^M7%BO-/9JVCO$NJ2VEU7S*J1/(I)A


KEYI;M5_2`-*%$UTW.T\O/\P[\JKVMA]YVB8:.30D/2

MG1UG=RU-%RN=T6]5[T2FPL;#9Q[PC\LUWDT=/;71WQ:%_%W\!K?N$)22YY=B
M(/\.R58=`/-WO!)@+QP3W_K




M.G
A&N
Y_G:$5Y)(=%FMJL*&BZBJJ


71GC':^(*;T+^WDF]'%M/





M%.&D[J8J

M$E'DKN+;01+LE6H1519[62305YI9LD;DRG.(AN#13?5A9]5_J)9)+`XW;DP$
MWJ_
)15(W
L2Z3&0]Y5E$%'KI^H?`WUEHDDZ43B4K.\Q%!W4ATV58K4JQ9A_

1V51$=I$`]V`4R]/S'-T8J@F&2V54#A4T





7?!46]I

M4@B@:OC8?!T^U2?\O[ZA0_'W[L@,-]`D@5)%C[`DXO=L[0.['=GUAH((21
M\'?85?E%F==)CDUPP0?_
\*F;BMEQGCWVY[CW#):#Y'PIRT.57[QO@/:+G?+

.GAS5;?_H
M

IU
MS$S26%4]:II2XX!@DL?'S0WB0_
O3H6Q4Q]4K3X^12&&/MV#W5:CF0Q^FU+Y
MH*V76G\

MMZE_SN.!]_FD4U

MWA?4S[`J+95RUVR:KN7A5%B^;EZ_P:&(I!!9[FJ=O_H\4J1B53OYL(*;VVE
M(+Q7=.NTWGBB1\I



M1;)7JDQ



^P6.:Z^/59NC?E#:4N9
M&HF&QK$1-Q*-FW'35AL:QZ:M-E#&35MM:!P;\5;C[!5/[;%3R]Q0?CFA/J$^
MH=X*&&=8E:D]MEDYI:X0O5[5P\@[V(BA#N*VI%Z139:()4U2M*E1)NHD1;7)
M9N(-&9

Q-Y:Q4`J_J@M?T8N!+&@AY+]V4
9`7@E/#&+1_/08N:'@5MCEI\K:$

M1^%2%B7U1I3@?Y.0_BW)-XKTPT^4!%


T/L_Y'(6SU$F\
M


ML$Y








D*'G+9-IFA;XOZ=QHDW

MB2S+1%CY:2P\V9%'W^AO+MQ(N!(8R(XK(L,?F\G8/-UW3#^2`#V9'8X'?Z


M


M()V?43HA'%*C/%!=/^\$
`V34D31J

)%4S.)67F$&P^:UU3)
H*_TA]&HEJ1(A=,'W,(61



[


MTA6IB*OCL(5SL6OW)O'0

M`
3(=I+4]C\]`






M&4K/[5:^K!_OLJ[
14Y29&+I

9X7(JW
M[MR%73N;?(EC5'IE@#-AU'


9#KAOG_9GBL@O:GKQ#3Z



)6S%SRY<4+O,QOA_I5D@\B5
M[Z`:HQ2_,HA6;RCHM3JSJD1DO=:F[X,GR\&BOP,5$1AM!XA5V5%(0J'@<?#

%8G)//4%VW%@&8P_@YDP\V+V


TFN;+

MNDXTLX
4Y3716-2(4?D^[8G&9U7/61*1C:HU*4-
U+WK8EYO_T)!A8B&173N
M^8(QTDHEBBX3R^I?W5O_:*4055+:*FL[


M];K3&.J%0X+;K+4_F`FE\AQ



M






M%
Y2)XG?K._`(WD


WB&6./X%@
M$$G6B:Z



5(!-=H
)
28B:T9


MTQ^\P%NF2_;I#S]]5J1_;8X6*T#7/X3L[]L(6;U#Z(/M++S`C=;EUYW@BS9


SCF(
MW(4!UE]$=
4O7OS;9S?#^Q'5ZI:^22DLY]*/OQ#\(
U
K2]N.__?#NX_T/
M/XFO97

1M[Q9?[#_'49WOAW'M]^]^%?<AX5)?N_%
M20P^^B<L\-BRT^4WY5[T6*HFJC*`R3&MC-XDGD]_!PW`Z'3N*H#PO%I[F


D4Q45O5?P

;8&



5

1#C/2EBF

_R)SKS':K1/AZLY;6'V3XZ#?3[`%_^/BT











8

8\'(IQ4;.&)!L2ER;:X1&NZ[;CKBAV
J+43%$W










H]:IJ?$
4RUF\8U#]O%SYX=IUO[ATB[[W[`?/


*E2S_C041%U/5R





GU[[\Z`









G:$7-8#@
MAT%#G^AT_-HV`N?[1;Q@K^*.\Y*E8^:W?



MIJ73A







MSA2Z&&@U(P_9L!13.2;TQX$K91WMI1=DY3*![=
;.H/9.X`M`K\CF]_%.[G8

U0

M%^0!9:WQSJIEZ5H'0!Z8/U?\\

^^50H&
M#!^0V&BP?:_,#=SZSK?C^.!L.SJD,_N[YA7PXRAW`4)N]HN[9%1N19)W#N7

M@#4R*WHY?H[



MLNI80G`-U'OVE;16/*9`


MRJ\D[LVE2G?A[?3OU(OH!I@D\N@I2+GU
_%V`0VW2Q:RQ49587!M!O]3'7FP

M#KIC&;HL6_4J/L+XE_4MQ']X

M%^V+_H_
OBDCC!9X.!#%/Z6SHO.1BMTF+GCYG@C+(4'

#3_Q#
M`L97X:RF7EN&6@Z0QDF['

M5PFZ\Y;0U'?D`7T
ESB0LB\D](E$WNP&+7$T]X*72+Y!M)IK['MS^/
_T&9O





M5(#./0]=Q_PIBA^2D=/2P2SHK6\`2VCRI3=&?P[2-L]$&OC$%Z3*3-SIE2




M]I/!W87/(XNC'HYZ6


9B4@P+;W`;^C]
9`9,R1%YNF^NL)*!\@=,V,MV#


M3K6

=484_6

`-ZDWO+FGRKZKDGD5


?5TN:IR%C7APU\AVM^5-7Q;;W99W]NZ3

=R$NL8#JPE=AKW[7#17BUBL)O
M;$VG_XA^


'_3]76'=DN0HCFIO.G4V'


MB?
^
?+






M/5%H^H3/';-5E)+/33BC@1VYXH9FHE65SWX5^8P&AA'`V,AQFA=W]U6(\NR
MI!N%IPL+L*LVP&Z3]],,V39*1K5-WW7^6+2[#!./X12\O&K1#?3=F
XROD:

MUJI`;
V6-+/N*&;H+'5(;4N&3@(OR?X\^31!;K@D

SX=IY6`5H]

MVHGH5

8LYJ`+)1)CP7(@GP9*
`#T)LVY9LFYO_Z]L@9P@25&KGG4N)KTNQ





GZ;K$)4X`GK!BOAL1]8M2X#_K89/5PW;4I4&S/90^2KB
MTPU=
Q5;2


MARZ(!7!$!I7#U=I@SHE#.)ASHA$.YIR8B@5VC0I'$(1S(A$$X9P@J@4Y`KNT

VAJ#B8,CA&1Q.%EX-1^67@WFWH:6M






P@C%)/KJ


1$G44AMDY&'5RO?
MF^*L0.*Q\W=G*0$8I:A_9+W





A1J2X4J



-5#^_
M^'8?^=Y+^E_X\[]02P

U5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``




C__Q_?[%



DM2=N

\_7;$




_Q+&2(E'[;F24+A:(K!^G+_XL

M%-
``O).4J!.R+JGB=D


MJ:NF3@+2D?F_Q?CWE'9QLX)(2]1^P-0E^ZE.6G?`-2`3KRP
=)2%U7'UDHO!

C



173O0
MP=''Y`0H7#E4Y]

#D
M*)P:CKXHWZ=JL,;0A'*Q@:._5_%M_Q`[CU-G@]+9XBS8*QD,(K?&5,*32-2



M
E@QN0OB.A'Q
/EVM$G)$7%KAM8N]2U:'
=LX8VA&?G4)DKX*8D6
GD7LHUV
M8:6J%TK%D?.._=D\R:@WJ
4225TP6G)JPMMKXK6%:FAC5DHQ/ZY12KML
M'[#$&=1;P91P:E0)/+ZL$_X3P4ODEZLC=&0_)G-,@`X:!`Q3U9E156E(P3H-
M7N,IIA1Z-$W/:;FIM2<%`BFL<]&-0;@VCI-5:93K*B-!L]*J2G/XW&;P[3S
MQ;#KDW!JG5ZN


S

2


M=G`JG$'2936D18Y

5ON







?VOC4_$CCGVT&


C/3%0X[Z8;+JGUN<1MBK_TXNSHBFV:H




/N-MI%
M2$SO]0UG!'(Q'H8':%S`MH

OZDP




M-F+'\0(HT`

_Q&0-M`(H`DLW
M&+M-'!3BLRY=$`BEN!ZX\]D3&*_1X^C+8EP_3F$O%HDA+)TU::JW=5Q=+J`!
M5F[*.PUB]MJ&8
`@1YAJ_)=EQ@[LX3MF%N^PR1N#\5`1K


MGK:PHT`'\


M0#GMJ^
Q

MD*F[@:-'Z]S4=E4*?/A$?^$8:`[M4/#R_:X07\.?[D,LO/J*B/O=^%TX@L


W[.G&;'$D[8B%(-U
%:ZMJEE[HB
MFEL1JX3,7,06MK^Q]A;CWU/:X\U*+-E6W-J.26<V?0O^\F_]F/2BF?P)-#Y

M`U%99+8R*EMAL0(W`)6\U%A&;BL:\A/D`2AO9
HRHEL!LIDO#T!N-7&6T'K:


!17@4+.
9;(D&CB,+T?#U?:#LS9IC?!M0@ZG.E<F=!?F4`_6E/<E#`R50#0#FN

*&UHY*EXCF@S=]PE5&@@MS)6JNB_QW'\.D?AZSL.

MDR`=&4Q@5/1?S&8$SU2W7+$G1U)$P!M]%8P73J2\2177,]4'9GS-EWJUN-
MQ+$C#5D\L$K*2Z?0LXTINS/FO*VU
:&+ID;L]C%.N+K=T?[GQFB)7%+165
F3W][T
MS(0G=L[#Y&)6K9LA;

M/N
8DY7\GF0YG.FU/QU%25FW*#)N`P6O&DL:9WCEX-QRK/ZW/B6T*P)]:_==

;]17B;50FM'O5U?9D'(;]_E?Y42(KVJ1@)B^E7+';A1P9E.#I0L\=Z9
M5`/9%IHRBE%`9SQ9)5W&!9LN5XKT8(8)Q&$ZM]!5J[Y\K%/QS6(91&N
GW'`
MWK?4&:0`4-


E@6RPNU=6^/\P(I)U
M@UUPF4[,!C$CO0.V!BE'1F%M<IA.ZH0RA*;W#-817VFMG+J&*S/1]=`.9




$%`````@`)S`.1[QE/`C$%```
M=4T!`!4`'`!L=V%Y+3(P
30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``VJ\S55JO
U5=7@+

[





M\$!1?PSB)%KJWW_97_S+Q'\._/#;


3T+O
D/OJ;
1'O_S'PEY(Y0MVD9YXQR=@6AZ$:#GJ`XA%:%&8'TA(PN&-^/3


S]K?^E(D[ZA9


M!UU8&ITPLFOKEH%J4DWT];@)'_7R%.\Q)6C$X@TU/P?(_A'0A[Q^4FEMGCE
M6W1=TO_E3NL&NEHTXH$.`PUY865=6GPQ-;ABJ:;],E5,'(&F?31U.$P!;?Z:
M&BZYI`[?30V;4*AQ/TX-$U]MT^GAD]9@4[_3KGIR87;\/54^^0:2O3Y?6I@


6C4CH$Y0[X`C
FK]22/O&ZE58O?




I=Z&W[PFT93(WDD7A@ED0:L4:9KW&]F%OR*P4'37.77F2R^%%
M_)8@.68[.[L3+W.V07`+?.\R/`-S/P:!C!6AF(;7JW&*Y`9P^3)+V`-.@XRO
M2B\/H_(U7];1@X/-G=(
DO)'8VDAM#[#'#HAY-(Q@J[_(C5)UM&C``Y=Z0Q
MRPUC&J\PXK!%1H?V
R0&SR/IT#A)^7AY/P481I=1E*R&T*GH@P^LD


M#O?P`JFL&


8HQ





K`5-2R&C];




MT@-QQ#.%0A&[YP



5&NG8TZ;*=




/*
M

M8P7XLIAA#15FXL1U*:I-L.71X38YMCDBW%([L'D9TSIB61R$7=Y0++G^FX@4


AHMK^3;)#ZRU0-W.;C2
M@.&F`]*J)@R&&?R3R03#:DY6H@93A/&$;=\G




M^(7RV%X!JS#7;=$?)O
RXD%XGU_FY
$G(/PF38AQ10RMOI&\
$@=
M?-

$8V%2



TTTAC`;`
M.XY54=IN(NH8P77*&QY-BA=@U!E&9')V



MCHTW06*KN]6O
J?@`N`9Q&=3

ME8-1/(4XG@)Z3M5I

G?W+:[^





#$T
3(S

U5:KS-575XP`!!4.

MPT$5425Z6&29#W5K_OH#P#?Q9K&`+/N#1RUE)C.)'Q)`
I'YQ__XLH[1
\[R



FC'W.FWE6Z`J&).UCD)2

TAC?X25B9OY8O&P(.O-HO8FI4NQW

)!5
M


B-
MJ;-

H@ORB3
/^'U(VZYF
H5FXCHS5@'
46X9RMWU8#TM=;^=)JM=8Q(:.;()P<_G3_U;]7=(@1HE\JTO_YXYM.WI31

P



H



M7*GW25YDY8)^J[U



!CA5.)B%=3SP!K]3\'B*4IP]M+WJ$HX




9%6W*Z[

.



1I6B8%SC9!5KS0


+

NOML:7#!V/RL0;4'LQ*F-EA:-B=O7)
M\:A





3!3=I0D/[

ME]Z;2@JR?Z
=@[


M.43&B`@0-
2:2;!1$R-&C0BY#W0T?HR6I!8-?RS*RR(E&H@T/\;B)$7*1=

7
P#1#E//R5LJ*&%U7
_C#U


JJF,\%^9UH-Z.@=1V(DZH[#L9Q
MA!`HM-.&I2K#]]U;(ZQ^$<-#0688:9'Z0<QG*IBO+1D`-$RUDV'%1:HF1TI
M





0Y04EV6

M:


LU


VXY;$)-0N(9NF2V(6*'HS/
M

9V)3[_LHA+FCKX


MGV$
]T641`6^BIYQ*


R7

WNT`A#
F(?.W4]DL248


-I[QHCWF&:-EF+
`;@-$XQ3T



2]..D


M'!




B\_D'[
TES:1D!`[#5\K%1Z$L(64

ML%.;NUZ


DZ5[$;%((?DYQJPU8F(26MY.I-NSS/;&#\\Z
MT^6!6:%G


M4W%5H8
!'PS
]??R-%(\S#N1Y6!IF)PFOAD9





M13@036DE]/1C2=1Q5%?/

J3J*
6VEX




M5/M

VWWADHBT8]
+




M2#*2S.*?D@P'


MXR#


M
XW
M5:#S__T/!]\?'9$??OCVX.TW[ZKY__[HX.W;O9K_BC.-_2D(S(G3\J0)*XZL
M5U109)#;8L*`5UOT[4%1&G]
Y+;AATC!8;.//@48-RI4B^\\61.A7QC9_P!#
+:I[;L?`R72V'RTP'UW
M&#1MK)24O`DAI;<^F4-5I8TR*S*(P)*K:8F80?-^J.6)Q\PN5$:R/FNT--@

U-:`MLZUF\;['L].1O[C6
[/LT



*ACDSV:*]8=_X!_[Z0LX?@ZBF
8
ZR\NO6^L



LR2D!P+@)
M;]IMAC=!%#:QGJ:-9!(R'ZYL#15F%_TVABL!K.))/C8MKK_'.6-O6Q^Q+
M0M7S8U$284E1GX:@@K\]^UU%P6













\QD)A'FZWC/$82MR+&(^=

3.\1FP[L%K$%MFM\2.LU
M-(C;XO&R[P3&7



KR`
MJV4#@U%S784`?4\`VHE`QZ#JOK1)M$U9FVLRY%6%FDI1/2!M1+A%IKUQ0XB:

3G]
&IDP+C9N)P#
M#
:
U!1[0.!6H^;K=35)_\53B!%?^IZ73;'&!6+X\)K6N5'E=:D]&`@9ZD



%?HM

E/U$




/<P@9%MP`8H*;?1L@T(X88NE85@]NMHD[QX1Y1

M$_Z4XV497T7/M7G*\\;V

M5=(1$[]S](^C21
!;R'&`\:MC13`VE@&-3;*JX+Q].=`#6L0'ZW82.PQD$

Q




:%=L(.JD5[
-
<RX7+FPLQ-:'V9GL4[FNST-$MU!^7HI,G\DR]B
M0+N

Y\F9'BK1M34GN'C[&*@JN(

*\[SNB]



M&+EF
1)*$B(:?8J2:%VNT4F0TU*3K#<7<<F[_/C6MJR[2+/VFKN)




M(&_U^$LD;)=JP/;W=U!JDD]16G87Z@`Q;A0
*_11?O0+E?`_
/:!4EN;$F]+



M!JKW;T


Z9[^

6'``=TS


O-\41*&)

MN(T&&Z6(F//ZC@[KTSY
&;VC;HJVYE%CHXR-';J
3\$_THQFE.;TKO)CDQ!8

M3/8%UY3;Z7=Q.Y







KF6?*4C_(^*]W8-YZ7

\











R=
9
CI*$$B%-/['1BPG)8$!ZTH0%A=?QVBQC0-75NMY5O
M
^E?IJ9W%NLQ4;N-[ZB(O6/$5$

MFR)GKV&]+_W*[(U2MN;*@PVHF7-RJ9)VG]4[T7',FNS%`W+)LHC6I9N[))

TX$)UZC*BBV$CQDG]B8
M)LA!
6&'$;68I+-9'`-8S92K*
$WR]

AU%Q$2SH]Z27.A)\DF99^CE*5J?!



M:VY2]#R/+^X)@HGAL:'3
-Q(V5\

M]!;&
OH0
$D
H

+28
MUFGX7Z7N(


M4*#B:.\D8LR(@_&Q#M?+O&?G`8V#I\7].FVRR2G5:ZG.]5#&IA;B\6S(2:

A%@IL`TO36!


M=`J`.RE[!V5.]5V!&MXFF_8T7J2KA'8U)N^J/L+GY.5E+/_I#N=E3!/L+@BT
M;K

8/MW`

M(X\1HRAAB*;Q/R?24T.QE;XW48@M#).;*G2P
#\ZU-


US3/3'




^3\WQ6!G%^',?I9_J%X+-SM+RL5B6


\NI?_@_VX_.!Y4'(
M\5?'*0

17I*ZL<4<E8AE-\UP5E3?&O'-\@RS^^GY11!E/P=Q








'D
:;

L`[_Z;$JB!M=1:\VTIK`7X&;D=!+Q@C96ANO+`UR-E]#
X

UAB?;0+W=;QM9O)0&FK%H9X\S]/[BK9M.U[\LXSJOE:2%5%!VL8U4J.
M!XI1HSZYCP&HTBM9=J7DU7

BQ^C_3

-@R0]KD*8I+\J:9)@T$.*&D&(24(W2U3+.D!$
M&KJZ.O4^T+=9]$S#:T'RZV5D,K(!L!#*==6-W8U)Z*LZ/+2ZZF@GY-%X)EF
MX6F&PZB@44[%F*E9X(V:D;[*S#

M4
9


MV7?+5O0!:H4/8.



M:P@

_:.A!%BC-E5]J0=

#`L?U)@=ZU\.CUHM+0ZS3)6HZ

595F9DU


\%:`7K5!.O2
]0(S:TYMG

N/_^8IN+F
M18:L@(;
5F-NSK&#6BO@`-4BV#!V0@X0$^-S1.LR!4P/2?UV$1VTL9*I)QZ8
MFKI^_6ROY6D
LU@O#MCL&J9O=T*5N$Z3=#@C%?!6<T`;!;VBXF'I
M\[6.IV;UYWL:9WE!?E_702'ZU1XR3?(3O$PSWLE?OZER((TZ,DR%XN[QF



D%HB/.U)R0$@QT9(_!O5X


MSB1U!6L78T*O&O;7*$I0(P%U(L`


M[=;'H)J_ZX&C/5






I
M5(LO6M@1^2H9EB8KFCETAA^+3T%1(Z
?IK_-HF01;8+X
KDF1\*'SSA^QI^(

ME[_A('OXG&Z-DEK.OH)CK/Y
F*!B2;2O4'4X:%1XEIDO8:#0
#9L4#E;PO

5M-=HZ.L_*QJ(8-\%UE@[U_RB

MAN9?)F0K0U&J+KQG*F3_QE^@^V0('%`





[GN[]Q^G^]]R[U)).4*ILH`
&.W5ETVZA:R
M_$_R2E/RPZC

&AFQ0CE!G+?M;[2[PM'XME&3=ED#1^8*:GP'05


$%`````@`)S`.1R`*URU1
0``GT\#`!4`'`!L=V%Y
M+3(P
30Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``VJ\S55JO
U5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``

.FMF'MR)G:1W)[/[S++E*..S?1O;Z3W[J1=-01(G
M%*$&2=GJ7S\`24D4B4N!)`1043]T'`=51-57A4NA4/CKO[_.P\$2D3C`T:]O

Q+CRZTT^?/KW-_G7=M-;R
M]9F$ZV^\?[ONSH8S_==`TK[4DSCX'&?=N\:^EV26I/S

`+:8-Q`.E[Y:V1+KW/VG





!DL*8J_T@Y#'(6@S*/HN/KKH?8
MW^EMR)(Q,5'I*TM^77]*UN?SYS@AGK_)Q0B]9Q1FG_F=\=!C\;9)YPM-9^FB
M,?)_FN+EVS$*WC)YV`^98?O3HMDT7^BO_H][\
#F@;LTU'$G0Y$MF_);5

MREJF7=D[%$
J/'*^I(KW]#*QD6M:9`
$[=14
@O0TXUG(\4;9\%'9;`)5_


J2;):A2$B







MM(N%4))U@I3*VGE#`V0@\KN!U#U!R]89ZC32?,NF2&R(ZL8,!QM0.)!KAI
M:


GV-3[I8EU/9._S02E!)'?#MZHW











M'HL3'

+G$Z7





MCQ2LG*VMP$Q\-\D#PMG;@K4P
3\`\P$8@

2:9

M4OVX


I

MBB)$O)!-]N-Y$&4/$K-7VI7H*0FMOI9FU&5A*G



^N58YLBPQ6W_V-F
M)I90)PI8)736*]2VPEFID+YO*K?;Y!%5'-V&44E3*FRQCZ;;L@LTP0257I'Y


R9BEZX
MZ06*D/1\44A@KV[O?LQ(J,W%A6W*(%$-RO-[)7P-1[$XNFC[]ZZKN=RCTB6
M?W[AQ8&?!7/-)%=EE`2VBL8;-H0@#ISPXO_CH+IC
FTI#/4%-VF\V=$[B99

M;$/(R$])7@6*!#%+&:=_C:9T*1+@L;J:G;DO6B^\K&L!
([@R`:
ME+_TSX/B6TZ4[FM6CP=$;K7*4-'#)WD%N&H[E6O7W
.(?VO!4RLJMM1.5O7
M!4H=Z/LV`$`2JFM8\#LF)4(@5+WRT=
+J0FQ*;7#$AJOSUP`)^LC]CP

PSSSD2=RPI<GJP;.S,#
MJD5B'H86.[I12;SLZ0*20./\'0$I*#DZ0



'TOX;PM+BZTILYA^%^&6K





M
&K;Z4$-L%&!*U;208X!+#%B*ZID-H?06D\;

MF?6D(`



I/^NY409

MICN0#:GU[+R&T$#W(!4=]3^0R!65I%2

MJ9Y\A


M;@T%(TQV))EADCPA



M/55FW&:4FCL`:ZG

M


=`)T9RMD=SI#_/?X[W4\EB!KP


5A3;BS\Z5!3


M3+6-HD8.M0;S%1+;6H-`
[8+Y/?'&#3*M+TW7TNQ8W
XG!INM^P`GVY]+](X


&E2U_+694&C.KFS?%0S3^=PCJ[O)8S-LI/H*GR
M[:FKW^
P\
MI+#L^\4O5)PIFSE*[`9;?H,-PZ.OJLPRA!YHC!?A-+P)I2^


ML28=4-K!EOCH(Y#7'[.JI;/Z''II0\U491]GRHNUQ85.P3SS/NJ.Q54@PW9
MT9'4%=-W*RP:LNUZ^]:/M6882_=JZ7Z['L:-RM@Q\T^U.+3C&2PICGZ&*`&

M0H%:GJ*BZZ7#P)1AWV_*Y;9+=5#X/O


M*LLX]44N7

MA




`K:+[
M2K*=3]HJO;@Q$FQN-8'1$U



M
5^KQ+%3L]:(\]2[!KGB+!PPFTH5NS=]NS&Q
CSUZ:AXS5*
M%M:O/DL1$WH




YOHD]V41`FC%VLGNBWSU\#

MZ[23ZQ^OY@NE_DNY@;-GQ$1HPDDMW9HH

M2HFLA;!;PP?0A1N@W4WH0@N!X1(TMU94N#504OG=@.@W-`M\NK%485-M9ZVH
M:VM0^!*[@

/5IEW'JTV.@

NW(UI



CB=HR1#F\NB[_'V/=^K
M:/MU@3VJB'KPV@@4(8BX+DV0I=?EBI(?8B_CM;5:UL(<XDU8G]2K&ZVI?=_


M:#;4,C+]F*QU@5BG(VQ


?;Y14HF!H]:AM?P90UEY?36$4\F.LBD_JW7#]V8`9=WU%O]2
M*E(G^&?\K
4=]HM_.8VKA_B?3Q)$NC:E-KD9&]60)7BVZ80Q:N;AX]`9(#



M!(%LG=\F)[.=&=9VA`)IQ0T`SY=T\\!602-





U%7P
#SL9;CR&A_N%US$\?`P/'\/#
M#@9?CN'A8WCX&!YV([IX#`\?;'AXB%EUL!2GE:#
/8Z#;.N
XOAIYD7E^T@C



3S6-!U;C)4!
CRVJ


Y:20W/M;JGF`?H7&C`WP8
M7[MWL

V9WE2%$\
P

MP?ZUX&TOF9XB:M#;MSGXJ\*/O%5A0=CR@G!WJ66L/ZMM+V'Y9$(BBT/!IE^L
M@$
\H]
2QK)5H*B]Y?


/#B77%NFOW(7O0



M^=V`:(@CNO=+?:;




2!J(

G9\N/!`(6.^R

MOW2

.F6$I0'$JT;4\WC[A

#7LPXM&(4I\NMO]_SAB
ME8R'L\#WIO@Z&5^'/MRI(%QLGTDT]#&X@MR(!S`QGPHQY4N$;:N^'%CP9'-/





LKM_.ZS
Y!JI^ZYP21T&-O
R
M%XA98#2]1EZ



/

#:`F8FLM`*
ML'WZJ
RT97
%)_H[G^ETRIN(-:4J\[+]:)@Y[.H:

&M[C^
@

`8HDA,*I?,,S_H':STT.
MU,X,72%72`^10[FX][F6WL_[<KU<$WL8)OFUH?FBVQKS=Y.2^RGMQQ0O
7T
MXT)&K

3P,_]29GJTXR;N]<&5([;1GMN
MC,4E4JO:*U?=[\/O2@IOQ8/@A[&R'9J2BOLA&:@HT3]4?U3/IQ&:)J])6E]

$9]2!&`5OUJJ$7[SOR8+A9A

;



MSI$7D-^\
$4WR&-_STNM2@;`GVMOGC(6@XS'H
RDY:C7C1UNQ-OV&%!&4$YE






PFEP.&
''#.@K`C<FB

`Y'.R[V?*$.

C`Q-#$R



GAQMU-[^CFY.)BP_KQAW_\W8)_!__L]:QS@EUGWSIE






_=6/1V7U;?(X$3R5!+#/2$


+1M<(0Y54^P14&EE2^:E
MF,VZ_2RS6M_DGO6?3IL9;'$!T\`9!O]UPF:@XA13018X+V8LXK:;+:=FF9C



B
ML90NX@SO%^YCY^QI#@%

M

B-XVAE
8QOG,A*<4?AH9_MN!8T1[Z$2]H72<KF*G+PN
M6N$&3^+9(#A^'8
4KJS(90(EHES]UQO),D=1[J8K$9926$S0CH/+Y1
MYKJ(;[[8C*\2H&8$=!I?70(\[2AWHRX$ISJT^2=!K^0&L_BKJ\R0ZZ$KL7<

LTAKRHTP;RL1:RZAWFF
#8GS+.359&8+*#&L



%&8#:%:1
^MO778N*2JZI;82_$VD9D/H]DIKE^6Z
M;!
#O`675(O2;!$ED*ZP2
?=5&%A-#=`2NK



GW^0A8+Z'G2


M'VX(

M%2G*'0
@)$CM0PS;CQL?_()]FO





)?'VJ%)XF`KJ9JK`GK



MZ
[0^+BS!A
HPOC_






O4TUZ;4]2L@JAU2JDWU&C?@44K5.G\O87=893
MFZ%URAHO5]$

M*6)[DPHIWM)





4``````G,`Y'(`K7+5$Q``?
M3P

#$T
3(S

M``-JO
U5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`)S`.1SLN]GRA#@``
MV*X``!$`&````````0```*2!)5P!`&QW87DM
C`Q-#$R

HO
U5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``!%K`0``````
`
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













075
095)


896
058)


164
716)







632


198





075
095)


843
426)


028
518














620









234


589)


260)





366


910


072





120


750


875





340


071


687





666
755)


521
355)


793
831)







Deferred Tax Assets
 Unrealized (Gains) Losses On Investments






















































































Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.














































































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
December 31
 2014
    
    
December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    

    
    
    
4
529
200
    
    
    
2
926
719
    
    
    
4
504
200
    
    
    
2
474
790
    

    
    
    
985
000
    
    
    
666
869
    
    
    
985
000
    
    
    
596
785
    

    
    
    
2
248
000
    
    
    
1
178
198
    
    
    
2
248
000
    
    
    
1
028
334
    

    
    
    
438
000
    
    
    
368
650
    
    
    
438
000
    
    
    
324
850
    

    
    
    
8
243
800
    
    
    
5
184
036
    
    
    
8
218
800
    
    
    
4
468
359
    







    
    
    
715
677
    

    
    
    
697
427
    

    
    
    
671
877
    

    
    
    
634
863
    

    
    
    
209
578
    

    
    
    
130
342
    

    
    
    
3
059
764
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











285







876







084







165
566







249
989







996
800


874
014



































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012




104
381


498
934


775
038





683


496


087





924)


050)


237)





779
140


516
380


869
888














328


006
169


974





608


213


875





046)


181)


190)





890


072
201


659














337


847









994







624)









713


841
















120


585









960







075)


449)







240


096
















948
596


333


135
064





880


329


212





179)


420)


047)





680
297


242


144
229






























































































This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 if any.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014






Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives









Intangible assets
 useful lives








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















539





653





832





761





194





979
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012




215
716


966
094


754
007














266
319


388
067


777
033














297
098


441
363


003
926














867
980


126
630


628
990














784
319


010
034


344
058







Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012




535
937


626
575


629
594














000
















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







Intangible
assets
 and the related accumulated amortization
 consist of the following:



    
    
December
    31
 2014
    
    
December
    31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
Accumulated
    Amortization
    
    
    
    
    
Accumulated
    Amortization
    

    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    
    
    
43
600
    

    
    
    
4
529
200
    
    
    
2
926
719
    
    
    
4
504
200
    
    
    
2
474
790
    

    
    
    
985
000
    
    
    
666
869
    
    
    
985
000
    
    
    
596
785
    

    
    
    
2
248
000
    
    
    
1
178
198
    
    
    
2
248
000
    
    
    
1
028
334
    

    
    
    
438
000
    
    
    
368
650
    
    
    
438
000
    
    
    
324
850
    

    
    
    
8
243
800
    
    
    
5
184
036
    
    
    
8
218
800
    
    
    
4
468
359
    


Amortization
expense is expected to be approximately the following for the 12 months ending December 31:



    
    
    
715
677
    

    
    
    
697
427
    

    
    
    
671
877
    

    
    
    
634
863
    

    
    
    
209
578
    

    
    
    
130
342
    

    
    
    
3
059
764
    


Amortization expense during the years ended December
31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $715
677
 $712
803 and $754
817
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012


Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value

733
761


053
333


849



Less Than 12 Months
 Unrealized Losses

393)


456)


466)



12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value

694


726


840



12 Months or Greater
 Unrealized Losses

531)


593)


771)



Total
 Fair Value

372
455


150
059


689



Total
 Unrealized Losses

924)


049)


237)












Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value

268


222


620



Less Than 12 Months
 Unrealized Losses

053)


180)


745)



12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value

417




910



12 Months or Greater
 Unrealized Losses

993)




445)



Total
 Fair Value

685


222


530



Total
 Unrealized Losses

046)


180)


190)












Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value

713







Less Than 12 Months
 Unrealized Losses

624)







12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Unrealized Losses








Total
 Fair Value

713







Total
 Unrealized Losses

624)
















Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value

640


125





Less Than 12 Months
 Unrealized Losses

075)


449)





12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value








12 Months or Greater
 Unrealized Losses








Total
 Fair Value

640


125





Total
 Unrealized Losses

075)


449)














Less Than 12 Months
 Fair Value

056
140


986


229



Less Than 12 Months
 Unrealized Losses

641)


827)


721)



12 Months or Greater
 Fair Value

277


726


930



12 Months or Greater
 Unrealized Losses

538)


593)


326)



Total
 Fair Value

553
417


712


159



Total
 Unrealized Losses

179)


420)


047)














































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
477
312
    

    
    
    
331
278
    
    
    
306
608
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
500
140
    

    
    
    
2
066
076
    
    
    
1
284
060
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
856
370
    
    
    
1
856
370
    

    
    
    
15
125
803
    
    
    
14
587
022
    

    
    
    
20
434
910
    
    
    
19
633
164
    

    
    
    
1
244
560
    
    
    
1
244
560
    

    
    
    
465
801
    
    
    
433
679
    

    
    
    
2
408
754
    
    
    
177
519
    

    
    
    
41
536
198
    
    
    
37
932
314
    

    
    
    
19
643
803
    
    
    
17
107
866
    

    
    
    
21
892
395
    
    
    
20
824
448
    




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012






















102









102














































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













773
570


001
016


475
730





420


223


713





467


723


427
































































The total amount of proceeds received for the sale of securities
 categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities
 during the reporting period.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Private Bank in monthly installments of $42
222
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677%
 with a balloon payment for the remaining balance. Collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company. In May 2013
 the Company refinanced this note under similar terms which extended the maturity date to May 31
 2018.
    
    
4
352
222
    
    
    
4
858
889
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Private Bank in monthly installments of $27
778
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677% with a balloon payment for the remaining balance
 maturing on May 31
 2019
 collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.
    
    
4
583
333
    
    
    
4
916
667
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable to Ford Credit Corp. payable in monthly installments of $1
778 at 5.99%
 due July 2015
 secured by transportation equipment.
    
    
12
198
    
    
    
32
124
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Fletcher Jones of Chicago
 Ltd LLC in monthly installments of $1
769 at 6.653%
 due May 24
 2017
 secured by transportation equipment.
    
    
49
047
    
    
    
66
334
    

    
    
    
8
996
800
    
    
    
9
874
014
    

    
    
    
872
285
    
    
    
875
002
    

    
    
    
8
124
515
    
    
    
8
999
012
    







For the 12 months ending December 31

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
872
285
    

    
    
    
859
876
    

    
    
    
849
084
    

    
    
    
3
165
566
    

    
    
    
3
249
989
    

    
    
    
8
996
800
    




































Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Paragraph 19
 22





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
    
    

For the   year ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
539
    

    
    
    
72
653
    

    
    
    
74
832
    

    
    
    
47
761
    

    
    
    
49
194
    

    
    
    
314
979
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









During
fiscal 2014
 adjustments to correct the accounting for certain items related to prior periods
 in the aggregate
 decreased income
before provision for income taxes by approximately $600
000 and net income by approximately $400
000.&#160;&#160;&#160;These errors
relate to an understatement of accrued expenses and the provision for income taxes arising primarily from inaccurate accounting
for certain employee expense reports and an understatement of depreciation expense arising from assigning an incorrect useful
life.&#160;&#160;We determined these adjustments to be immaterial
 individually and in the aggregate
 to our previously filed
consolidated financial statements.

A
summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
follows:

Basis
of presentation
The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company and its subsidiaries conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Principles
of consolidation
The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Helios Nutrition
 Ltd.
Pride of Main Street
 L.L.C.
 Starfruit
 L.L.C.
 Fresh Made
 Inc. and Starfruit Franchisor
 L.L.C.

First Juice
 Inc. (IL) (dissolved in February 2012)
 First Juice
 Inc. (dissolved in December 2011) and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc.
Lifeway Wisconsin

intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of estimates
The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated
financial statements include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 the valuation of investment securities
 goodwill
 intangible
assets
 and deferred taxes.

Revenue
Recognition
Sales
of Company produced dairy products are recorded at the time of shipment and the following four criteria have been met: (i) The
product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists;
(iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to
the customers are included in net sales and the related cost in cost of sales. Discounts and allowances are reported as a reduction
of gross sales unless the allowance is attributable to an identifiable benefit separable from the purchase of the product
 the
value of which can be reasonably estimated
 which would be charged to the appropriate expense account.

Customer
Concentration
Sales
are predominately to companies in the retail food industry
 located within the United States of America. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 28%
 35% and 31% of gross sales for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. These customers
accounted for approximately 23%
 25% and 30% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

Cash
and cash equivalents
All
highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.

The
Company maintains cash deposits at several institutions located in the greater Chicago
 Illinois and Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
metropolitan areas.


All
investment securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&#146; equity. Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are recorded
in other income. All of the Company's securities are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. This evaluation depends on the
specific facts and circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in value has
occurred include: the market value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and
the intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the market value
of the investment.

Accounts
receivable
Credit
terms are extended to customers in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&#146;
financial condition and generally requires no collateral. Balances expected to be paid beyond one year are classified as long-term.

Accounts
receivable are recorded at invoice amounts
 and reduced to their estimated net realizable value by recognition of an allowance
for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts. The Company&#146;s estimate of the allowances for doubtful accounts and anticipated
discounts are based upon historical experience
 its evaluation of the current status and contract terms of specific receivables
and unusual circumstances
 if any. Accounts are considered past due if payment is not made on a timely basis in accordance with
the Company&#146;s credit terms. Accounts considered uncollectible are charged against the allowance.


Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market.&#160;&#160;Our products are valued using the first in
 first out method.&#160;&#160;The
costs of inventories include raw materials
 direct labor and indirect production and overhead costs.

Property
and equipment
Property
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense
as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Shorter of expected useful life or lease
    term


Intangible
assets acquired in business combinations
The
Company accounts for intangible assets at historical cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recorded under
the purchase method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess purchase
price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized
 but
is reviewed for impairment at least annually. Brand assets represent the fair value of brands acquired. The Company amortizes
other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed in the table below.

The
Company reviews intangible assets and their related useful lives at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions
exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment
assessments if certain conditions exist
 including: a change in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new
or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or a significant change in the market place including changes in the
prices paid for the Company&#146;s products or changes in the size of the market for the Company&#146;s products.

If
the estimate of an intangible asset&#146;s remaining useful life is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset
is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life.

Intangible
assets are being amortized over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Income
taxes
Deferred
income taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting
and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification
of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to
an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are
expected to reverse.

The
principal sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax
purposes
 unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price
adjustments
 and the recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts for financial statement purposes.

The
Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The only periods subject to examination for the Company&#146;s federal returns
are the 2011
 2012 and 2013 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.

Treasury
stock
Treasury
stock is recorded using the cost method.

Advertising
and promotional costs
The
Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 total advertising expenses
were $3
875
384
 $2
685
691 and $2
679
798
 respectively.

Earnings
per common share
Earnings
per common share were computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period.


The
Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois that
sell the Company&#146;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how the Company&#146;s
chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance
of the operating segments
 has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the board of directors that makes strategic
decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products
which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery
and distributors in the United States.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    

        
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
142
526
    
    
    
2
551
505
    
    
    
2
757
332
    

    
    
    
819
478
    
    
    
554
174
    
    
    
882
640
    

    
    
    
2
962
004
    
    
    
3
105
679
    
    
    
3
639
972
    

    
    
    
(719
778
    
    
    
(238
804
    
    
    
(434
896
    

    
    
    
2
242
226
    
    
    
2
866
875
    
    
    
3
205
076
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
427
534
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
666
223
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
000
457
    
    
    
    

State and local tax expense
 net
    
    
214
970
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
744
974
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
838
363
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
646
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(455
442
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(427
525
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(138
008
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
58
982
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(88
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(206
219
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
242
226
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
866
875
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
205
076
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
075
095
    
    
    
(2
896
058
    
    
    
(3
164
716
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
52
632
    
    
    
136
198
    

    
    
    
(2
075
095
    
    
    
(2
843
426
    
    
    
(3
028
518
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
620
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
127
234
    
    
    
(7
589
    
    
    
(41
260
    

    
    
    
233
366
    
    
    
307
910
    
    
    
265
072
    

    
    
    
39
120
    
    
    
21
750
    
    
    
10
875
    

    
    
    
408
340
    
    
    
322
071
    
    
    
234
687
    

    
    
    
(1
666
755
    
    
    
(2
521
355
    
    
    
(2
793
831
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















677





427





877





863





578





342



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net
 Total

059
764



































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













384


164


348



































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











260
244


306
608





779
140


516
380





965


373





814
219


899
008



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and discounts of $1
050
000 in 2014 and 2013

213
541


444
839





922


323





338


272





340


071





140
796


014
947





152
505


750
821



Property and equipment
 net

892
395


824
448












068
091


068
091



Other intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $5
184
036 and $4
468
359 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively

059
764


750
441





127
855


818
532












683


000





424
438


673
801












285


002





586
755


723
179





066
076


284
060





525
116


882
241





124
515


999
012





075
095


843
426





724
726


724
679










Common stock
 no par value; 40
000
000 shares authorized; 17
273
776 shares issued; 16
346
017 shares outstanding at 2014 and 2013

509
267


509
267





032
516


032
516



Treasury stock
 at cost

187
682)


187
682)





543
618


587
214



Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes

007)


807





699
712


949
122





424
438


673
801







Amount due from customers
 clients
 or other third-parties
 or arising from transactions not separately disclosed
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Amount due from customers or clients
 more than one year from the balance sheet date
 for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























A savings certificate entitling the Entity (that is
 bearer) to receive interest at an established maturity date
 based upon a fixed interest rate.  A certificate of deposit may be issued in any denomination. Certificates of deposit are generally issued by commercial banks and
 therefore
 insured by the FDIC (up to the prescribed limit).  Certificates of deposit generally restrict holders from withdrawing funds on demand without the incurrence of penalties.  Generally
 only certificates of deposit with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. As a related example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























The current portion of nonphysical assets
 excluding financial assets
 if these assets are classified into the current and noncurrent portions.
























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Investments which are intended to be sold in the short term (usually less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











373
476


027
900





069
742


690
097





371
001


181
011





814
219


899
008



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













956
404


990
298


619
798














251
614


339
378


384
411



Gain on sale of investments
 net

953)


500)


286)





778)


804)


896)





700


604


344





592)


958


169














915


741
759)


213
253)





066)


447)


379





084
789


822)


711)





849)


119)


512)





599)


185)


508)














136
424)


466
454


514)





016


383


952







311)


311





092
177


841
128


627
684














280
157)


518
781)


452
672)





773
570


001
016


475
730





000


997







965)




255)





684
368)


479
886)


428
717)





593


681







261
327)


862
973)


555
914)


















040)









708)







307
861)


146
317)







975
000


000





214)


912)


831
626)





214)


042
227


900
691)





364)


020
382


171
079





306
608


286
226


115
147





260
244


306
608


286
226
























































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other amounts due to the reporting entity
 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The net amount paid (received) by the reporting entity through acquisition or sale and maturities of short-term investments with an original maturity that is three months or less which qualify for treatment as an investing activity based on management's intention and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from additional borrowings
 net of cash paid to third parties in connection with debt origination.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













581


739


277





079
602


362
991


413
687



































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
266
319
    
    
    
9
388
067
    
    
    
9
777
033
    

    
    
    
110
297
098
    
    
    
90
441
363
    
    
    
73
003
926
    

    
    
    
7
867
980
    
    
    
7
126
630
    
    
    
4
628
990
    

    
    
    
1
784
319
    
    
    
2
010
034
    
    
    
2
344
058
    

    
    
    
130
215
716
    
    
    
108
966
094
    
    
    
89
754
007
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014








On
April 6
 2015 and May 14
 2015
 the Company received letters (the &#147;Nasdaq Notices&#148;) from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
(&#147;Nasdaq&#148;) notifying the Company that because it had not yet filed with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 (the &#147;Form 10-K&#148;) and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended March 31
 2015 (the &#147;First Quarter Form 10-Q&#148;)
 the Company is not in compliance with the periodic filing requirements
for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).&#160;&#160;The Company
 by filing this report
 has filed the
Form 10-K. The Company is diligently working to file the First Quarter&#160;Form 10-Q and the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30
 2015 (the &#147;Second Quarter Form 10-Q&#148;) and to regain compliance
with Nasdaq Rule 5250(c)(1).

On
August 11
 2015
 The Private Bank agreed to extend the due date for the Company to deliver its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 until August 14
 2015 as well as&#160;the due date for the Company to deliver its First
Quarter Form 10-Q to September 30
 2015 and its Second Quarter Form 10-Q to October 15
 2015.&#160;&#160;On August 11
 2015
 The
Private Bank also extended the maturity date for the revolving credit facility to&#160;July 31
&#160;2016.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014






Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life









Property and equipment
 useful life








Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014






Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Schedule Of Property And Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives
































































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







Lifeway Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;Lifeway&#148;)
an Illinois corporation
 commenced operations in February 1986
 and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Illinois on
May 19
 1986. The Company&#146;s principal business activity is the manufacturing of probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health
food products. Lifeway&#146;s primary product is kefir
 a dairy beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors
and in several packages. In addition to kefir
 Lifeway manufactures &#147;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#148; a line of various farmer
cheeses. Lifeway distributes its products throughout the United States and in London. The Company manufactures all of its products
distributed in the United States at Company-owned facilities. In the Chicago metropolitan area
 Lifeway distributes its products
on its own trucks and via distributors. The Company directly distributes its products in the Philadelphia and Tri State metropolitan
The Company distributes its products throughout the remainder of the United States
via distributors. The Company&#146;s products distributed in London are manufactured and shipped to stores by a third party co-packer.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











050
000


050
000












184
036


468
359










Common stock
 no par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

273
776


273
776



Common stock
 shares outstanding

346
017


346
017







For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014










    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
266
581
    
    
    
205
739
    
    
    
191
277
    

    
    
    
3
079
602
    
    
    
4
362
991
    
    
    
3
413
687
    





































The entire disclosure for supplemental cash flow activities
 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 28
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015








































  2014





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



346
017











167
353

























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







Financial
 (&#147;ASC&#148;) 820

Measurementsand Disclosures
 provides the framework for measuring fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under FASB ASC 820 are described as follows:

Level
Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets
that the Company has the ability to access.


Level
2. 


    
Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
    in active markets;

    
Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
    inactive markets;

    
Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
    or liability;

    
Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable
    market data by correlation or other means.


If the asset
or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset
or liability.

Level
3. 

The asset
or liability's fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.

Following
is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies
used as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.

The majority
of the Company&#146;s short-term investments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company&#146;s
valuation of its Level 1 investments
 which include mutual funds
 is based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical
securities. The Company&#146;s valuation of its Level 2 investments
 which include certificates of deposits
 is based on other
observable inputs
 specifically a valuation model which utilized vendor pricing for similar securities.

The preceding
methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future
fair values. Furthermore
 although the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market
participants
 the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could
result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.

The following
table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&#146;s financial assets at fair value for the years ended
December 31
 2014 and 2013. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement:



    
    
Assets
    and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2014
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
149
965
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
149
965
    

    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
434
713
    

    
    
    
485
890
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
485
890
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
178
240
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
178
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
680
297
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
680
297
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
996
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
996
800
    




    
    
Assets
    and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2013
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
373
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
373
    

    
    
    
56
841
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
841
    

    
    
    
1
072
201
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
072
201
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
462
096
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
462
096
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
925
242
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
925
242
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
874
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
874
014
    


The Company&#146;s
financial assets and liabilities also include accounts receivable
 other receivables and
 accounts payable for which carrying
value approximates fair value. All such assets are valued using level 2 inputs.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













215
716


966
094


754
007





256
103)


441
952)


402
742)





959
613


524
142


351
265





560
837


274
674


098
191





535
937


626
575


629
594





096
774


901
249


727
785





862
839


622
893


623
480





534
038


296
381


703
980





377
645


582
397


319
972





677


803


817





627
360


591
581


778
769





235
479


031
312


844
711














018


380


383





300


727


285





895)


365)


622)



Gain on sale of investments
 net reclassified from OCI

953


500


286





592


958)


169)





192


577







840)


139)


837)





198
630


857
173


824
874





242
226


866
875


205
076





956
404


990
298


619
798














346
017


346
017


373
224














956
404


990
298


619
798



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:








Unrealized gains (losses) on investments (net of tax)
 $93
540
 $49
793 and $79
159 for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

571)


674


816



Less reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income (net of taxes)
 $38
711
 $85
042 and $31
009 for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

243)


458)


277)





750
590


944
514


682
337



































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.


















































































































The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold during the reporting period
 excluding depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.




























The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(a)
 -Subparagraph a
 b



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.


















































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)



























The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.

























































Aggregate of: (i) sales discounts given by the entity
 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







Property
and equipment consist of the following:&#160;


    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
856
370
    
    
    
1
856
370
    

    
    
    
15
125
803
    
    
    
14
587
022
    

    
    
    
20
434
910
    
    
    
19
633
164
    

    
    
    
1
244
560
    
    
    
1
244
560
    

    
    
    
465
801
    
    
    
433
679
    

    
    
    
2
408
754
    
    
    
177
519
    

    
    
    
41
536
198
    
    
    
37
932
314
    

    
    
    
19
643
803
    
    
    
17
107
866
    

    
    
    
21
892
395
    
    
    
20
824
448
    


Lifeway
completed the purchase of Golden Guernsey&#146;s assets on July 2
 2013. The cost was approximately $7.4 million.

Depreciation expense during the
years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $2
535
937
 $1
626
575 and $1
629
594
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Included in depreciation expense for the year ended December 31
 2014 is an adjustment of approximately $470
000 related to the Company&#146;s
Starfruit leasehold improvements.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014










    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
373
476
    
    
    
3
027
900
    

    
    
    
2
069
742
    
    
    
2
690
097
    

    
    
    
1
371
001
    
    
    
1
181
011
    

    
    
    
5
814
219
    
    
    
6
899
008
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and its subsidiaries
conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.




The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Helios Nutrition
 Ltd.
 Pride of Main Street
 L.L.C.
 Starfruit
 L.L.C.
 Fresh Made
Inc. and Starfruit Franchisor
 L.L.C.

 Inc. (IL) (dissolved in February
2012)
 First Juice
 Inc. (dissolved in December 2011) and Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. Lifeway Wisconsin
 Inc. was created to facilitate
the operation of a production facility in Wisconsin. 




The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates made in preparing the consolidated financial statements include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 the
valuation of investment securities
 goodwill
 intangible assets
 and deferred taxes.




Sales
of Company produced dairy products are recorded at the time of shipment and the following four criteria have been met: (i) The
product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining obligations; (ii) Persuasive evidence of an agreement exists;
(iii) The price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and (iv) Collection is probable. In addition
 shipping costs invoiced to
the customers are included in net sales and the related cost in cost of sales. Discounts and allowances are reported as a reduction
of gross sales unless the allowance is attributable to an identifiable benefit separable from the purchase of the product
 the
value of which can be reasonably estimated
 which would be charged to the appropriate expense account.




Sales
are predominately to companies in the retail food industry
 located within the United States of America. Two major customers accounted
for approximately 28%
 35% and 31% of gross sales for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. These customers
accounted for approximately 23%
 25% and 30% of accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity
of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.



in the greater Chicago
 Illinois and Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania metropolitan areas.




All
investment securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders&#146; equity. Amortization
 accretion
 interest and dividends
realized gains and losses
 and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are recorded
in other income. All of the Company's securities are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. This evaluation depends on the
specific facts and circumstances. Factors that we consider in determining whether an other-than-temporary decline in value has
occurred include: the market value of the security in relation to its cost basis; the financial condition of the investee; and
the intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for possible recovery in the market value
of the investment.




Credit terms
are extended to customers in the normal course of business. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&#146;
financial condition and generally requires no collateral. Balances expected to be paid beyond one year are classified as long-term.

Accounts receivable are recorded at invoice amounts
and reduced to their estimated net realizable value by recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts.
The Company&#146;s estimate of the allowances for doubtful accounts and anticipated discounts are based upon historical experience
its evaluation of the current status and contract terms of specific receivables
 and unusual circumstances
 if any. Accounts are
considered past due if payment is not made on a timely basis in accordance with the Company&#146;s credit terms. Accounts considered
uncollectible are charged against the allowance.




Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.&#160;&#160;Our
products are valued using the first in
 first out method.&#160;&#160;The costs of inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
and indirect production and overhead costs.




Property
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense
as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

Property
and equipment is being depreciated over the following useful lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Shorter of expected useful life or lease
    term





The Company accounts for intangible assets at historical cost. Intangible
assets acquired in a business combination are recorded under the purchase method of accounting at their estimated fair values at
the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable
intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually. Brand assets represent
the fair value of brands acquired. The Company amortizes other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives
 as disclosed
in the table below.



at least once per year to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate the carrying value of these assets may
not be recoverable. The Company conducts more frequent impairment assessments if certain conditions exist
 including: a change
in the competitive landscape
 any internal decisions to pursue new or different strategies
 a loss of a significant customer
 or
a significant change in the market place including changes in the prices paid for the Company&#146;s products or changes in the
size of the market for the Company&#146;s products.


life is changed
 the remaining carrying amount of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful
life.


lives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






Deferred
income taxes are the result of temporary differences that arise from income and expense items reported for financial accounting
and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification
of the assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to
an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are
expected to reverse.

The
principal sources of temporary differences are different depreciation and amortization methods for financial statement and tax
purposes
 unrealized gains or losses related to investments
 capitalization of indirect costs for tax purposes
 purchase price
adjustments
 and the recognition of an allowance for doubtful accounts for financial statement purposes.

The
Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The only periods subject to examination for the Company&#146;s federal returns
are the 2011
 2012 and 2013 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.









The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the years
ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 total advertising expenses were $3
875
384
 $2
685
691 and $2
679
798
 respectively.




Earnings per common share were
computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period.




The Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented
dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois that sell the Company&#146;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company
has determined reportable segments based on how the Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in
a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments
 has been identified as the Chief
Financial Officer and the board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues
of the Company relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are
sold to consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in debt and equity securities that are classified as available-for-sale. This policy also may describe the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories
 how the entity determines whether impairments of available-for-sale securities are other than temporary
 and how the fair values of such securities are determined.
 -Paragraph 2
 12



























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The Company is named a party to lawsuits in the normal course of
business. In the opinion of management
 the resolution of these lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial position or results of operations.



































The entire disclosure for legal proceedings
 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The
Company leases three stores for its Starfruit subsidiary. Total rent expense for these leases was  $143
384
$347
164 and $379
348 for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company is also responsible for
additional rent equal to real estate taxes and other operating expenses. Future annual minimum base rental payments for the
leases as of December 31
 2014 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

For the   year ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
539
    

    
    
    
72
653
    

    
    
    
74
832
    

    
    
    
47
761
    

    
    
    
49
194
    

    
    
    
314
979
    





































The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013




965


373





713


841





890


072
201





240


096





680
297


242





996
800


874
014



















713


841





890


072
201

































965


373



















240


096





680
297


242





996
800


874
014












































































































































































Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.
 -Subparagraph a
 f
 g




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014











    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
477
312
    

    
    
    
331
278
    
    
    
306
608
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
500
140
    

    
    
    

066

    
    
    
1
284
060
    





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







Notes payable
consist of the following:



    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Private
    Bank in monthly installments of $42
222
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677%
 with a balloon payment for the
    remaining balance. Collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company. In May 2013
 the Company refinanced this note
    under similar terms which extended the maturity date to May 31
 2018.
    
    
4
352
222
    
    
    
4
858
889
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Private Bank in
    monthly installments of $27
778
 plus variable interest rate
 currently at 2.6677% with a balloon payment for the remaining
    balance
 maturing on May 31
 2019
 collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.
    
    
4
583
333
    
    
    
4
916
667
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable to Ford Credit Corp.
    payable in monthly installments of $1
778 at 5.99%
 due July 2015
 secured by transportation equipment.
    
    
12
198
    
    
    
32
124
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Note
        payable to Fletcher Jones of Chicago
 Ltd LLC in monthly installments of $1
769 at 6.653%
 due May 24
 2017
 secured by
        transportation equipment.
    
    
49
047
    
    
    
66
334
    

    
    
    
8
996
800
    
    
    
9
874
014
    

    
    
    
872
285
    
    
    
875
002
    

    
    
    
8
124
515
    
    
    
8
999
012
    



In
accordance with the Private Bank agreements referenced above
 the Company is subject to minimum fixed charged ratio and tangible
net worth thresholds.&#160;&#160;&#160;The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants at December 31
 2014. Further
the Company is required to deliver its annual and quarterly financial statements and related SEC filings within specified timeframes.
Due to the Company&#146;s delay in completing such filings the Company obtained waivers as further discussed in Note 16.
In addition
as of December 31
 2014 the Company had a $5 million revolving credit facility with The Private Bank.&#160;&#160;Borrowings under
the facility were subject to interest at the prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.5%.&#160;&#160;At December 31
 2014 there were no borrowings
under the facility.&#160;&#160;The facility expired in May 2015 but has been subsequently extended to May 2016.

Maturities
of notes payables are as follows:



For the 12 months ending December 31

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
872
285
    

    
    
    
859
876
    

    
    
    
849
084
    

    
    
    
3
165
566
    

    
    
    
3
249
989
    

    
    
    
8
996
800
    




































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014











    
    

        


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
142
526
    
    
    
2
551
505
    
    
    
2
757
332
    

    
    
    
819
478
    
    
    
554
174
    
    
    
882
640
    

    
    
    
2
962
004
    
    
    
3
105
679
    
    
    
3
639
972
    

    
    
    
(719
778 
    
    
    
(238
804 
    
    
    
(434
896 
    

    
    
    
2
242
226
    
    
    
2
866
875
    
    
    
3
205
076
    



tax computed at the statutory rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
427
534
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
666
223
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
000
457
    
    
    
    

State and local tax expense
 net
    
    
214
970
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
744
974
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
838
363
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
646
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(455
442
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(427
525
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(138
008
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
58
982
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(88
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(206
219
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
242
226
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
866
875
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
205
076
    
    
    
    



tax benefits is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
215
102
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31
 2014
2013
 and 2012
 the Company recognized approximately $64
600
 $-
 and $- in interest and penalties
 respectively. The Company had
approximately $64
600 and $- for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at December 31
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.





    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
075
095
    
    
    
(2
896
058
    
    
    
(3
164
716
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
52
632
    
    
    
136
198
    

    
    
    
(2
075
095
    
    
    
(2
843
426 
    
    
    
(3
028
518 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
620
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
127
234
    
    
    
(7
589 
    
    
    
(41
260 
    

    
    
    
233
366
    
    
    
307
910
    
    
    
265
072
    

    
    
    
39
120
    
    
    
21
750
    
    
    
10
875
    

    
    
    
408
340
    
    
    
322
071
    
    
    
234
687
    

    
    
    
(1
666
755
    
    
    
(2
521
355
    
    
    
(2
793
831
    




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014










    
    
Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
149
965
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
149
965
    

    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
434
713
    

    
    
    
485
890
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
485
890
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
178
240
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
178
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
680
297
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
680
297
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
996
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
996
800
    




    
    
Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
373
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
373
    

    
    
    
56
841
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
841
    

    
    
    
1
072
201
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
072
201
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
462
096
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
462
096
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
925
242
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
925
242
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
874
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
874
014
    




































Tabular disclosure of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value
 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 used to measure similar assets in prior periods (non-recurring basis) by class of asset or liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000
000



































Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The
Company has two separate operating segments
 the sale of fermented dairy products and three retail locations in Illinois
that sell the Company&#146;s fermented dairy products.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined reportable segments based on how
the Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker manages the business and in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker
 who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing performance of the operating segments
 has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer and the
board of directors that makes strategic decisions.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the consolidated revenues of the Company
relate to the sale of fermented dairy products which are produced using the same processes and materials and are sold to
consumer retail food sellers through direct delivery and distributors in the United States. The Company had less than $1
million in revenues attributable to its retail locations during the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 or 2012.The
Company&#146;s annual revenues attributable to its three retail locations are considered not to be material and accordingly
the Company has not presented financial information separately for this segment.&#160;&#160;Substantially all of the
consolidated revenues and assets of the Company are within the United States.

The Company
manufactures probiotic
 cultured
 functional dairy health food products. The Company&#146;s primary product is kefir
 a dairy
beverage similar to but distinct from yogurt
 in several flavors and in several packages. In addition to the drinkable products
Lifeway manufactures &#147;Lifeway Farmer Cheese
&#148; a line of various farmer cheeses.

Sales
of products by category were as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
266
319
    
    
    
9
388
067
    
    
    
9
777
033
    

    
    
    
110
297
098
    
    
    
90
441
363
    
    
    
73
003
926
    

    
    
    
7
867
980
    
    
    
7
126
630
    
    
    
4
628
990
    

    
    
    
1
784
319
    
    
    
2
010
034
    
    
    
2
344
058
    

    
    
    
130
215
716
    
    
    
108
966
094
    
    
    
89
754
007
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The cost and fair value of investments classified as available for
sale are as follows:



December 31
 2014
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
530
328
    
    
    
19
608
    
    
    
(64
046)
    
    
    
485
890
    

    
    
    
445
337
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(10
624)
    
    
    
434
713
    

    
    
    
180
120
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
075)
    
    
    
178
240
    

    
    
    
1
948
596
    
    
    
1
880
    
    
    
(270
179)
    
    
    
1
680
297
    

    
    
    
3
104
381
    
    
    
21
683
    
    
    
(346
924)
    
    
    
2
779
140
    




December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
006
169
    
    
    
98
213
    
    
    
(32
181)
    
    
    
1
072
201
    

    
    
    
54
847
    
    
    
1
994
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
841
    

    
    
    
464
585
    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
(15
449)
    
    
    
462
096
    

    
    
    
973
333
    
    
    
1
329
    
    
    
(49
420)
    
    
    
925
242
    

    
    
    
2
498
934
    
    
    
114
496
    
    
    
(97
050)
    
    
    
2
516
380
    




December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
639
974
    
    
    
90
875
    
    
    
(5
190
    
    
    
725
659
    

    
    
    
1
135
064
    
    
    
16
212
    
    
    
(7
047
    
    
    
1
144
229
    

    
    
    
1
775
038
    
    
    
107
087
    
    
    
(12
237
    
    
    
1
869
888
    





The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value
of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired
 aggregated by investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position
 at December
 2014
 2013
and 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
162
268
    
    
    
(49
053
    
    
    
141
417
    
    
    
(14
993
    
    
    
303
685
    
    
    
(64
046
    

    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
(10
624
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
(10
624
    

    
    
    
80
640
    
    
    
(2
075
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
640
    
    
    
(2
075
    

    
    
    
1
056
140
    
    
    
(194
641
    
    
    
497
277
    
    
    
(75
538
    
    
    
1
553
417
    
    
    
(270
179
    

    
    
    
1
733
761
    
    
    
(256
393
    
    
    
638
694
    
    
    
(90
531
    
    
    
2
372
455
    
    
    
(346
924
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2013
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
213
222
    
    
    
(32
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
213
222
    
    
    
(32
180
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
224
125
    
    
    
(15
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
224
125
    
    
    
(15
449
    

    
    
    
615
986
    
    
    
(42
827
    
    
    
96
726
    
    
    
(6
593
    
    
    
712
712
    
    
    
(49
420
    

    
    
    
1
053
333
    
    
    
(90
456
    
    
    
96
726
    
    
    
(6
593
    
    
    
1
150
059
    
    
    
(97
049
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2012
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
63
620
    
    
    
(3
745
    
    
    
21
910
    
    
    
(1
445
    
    
    
85
530
    
    
    
(5
190
    

    
    
    
301
229
    
    
    
(2
721
    
    
    
193
930
    
    
    
(4
326
    
    
    
495
159
    
    
    
(7
047
    

    
    
    
364
849
    
    
    
(6
466
    
    
    
215
840
    
    
    
(5
771
    
    
    
580
689
    
    
    
(12
237
    

































































For all investments in an unrealized loss position
 including those for which other-than-temporary impairments have not been recognized in earnings (including investments for which a portion of an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized in other comprehensive income)
 a tabular disclosure of the aggregate related fair value of investments with unrealized losses and the aggregate amount of unrealized losses (that is
 the amount by which amortized cost basis exceeds fair value).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013




996
800


874
014





285


002





124
515


999
012












352
222


858
889












583
333


916
667












198


124












047


334







Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













677


803


817



































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax



Beginning Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2011

273
776













Beginning Balance
 Shares outstanding at Dec. 31
 2011

409
317













Beginning Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2011

459













Beginning Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2011

509
267


032
516


606
974)


431
296


948)


357
157





300)















300



















708)






708)


















Unrealized gains on securities
 net of taxes









539


539











619
798




619
798











146
317)




146
317)



Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2012

273
776













Ending Balance
 Shares outstanding at Dec. 31
 2012

346
017













Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2012

759













Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2012

509
267


032
516


187
682)


904
777


591


312
469































































Unrealized gains on securities
 net of taxes









784)


784)











990
298




990
298











307
861)




307
861)



Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2013

273
776










273
776



Ending Balance
 Shares outstanding at Dec. 31
 2013

346
017










346
017



Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2013

759













Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2013

509
267


032
516


187
682)


587
214


807


949
122































































Unrealized gains on securities
 net of taxes









814)


814)











956
404




956
404


















Ending Balance
 Shares issued at Dec. 31
 2014

273
776










273
776



Ending Balance
 Shares outstanding at Dec. 31
 2014

346
017










346
017



Ending Balance
 Treasury stock shares at Dec. 31
 2014

759













Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2014

509
267


032
516


187
682)


543
618


007)


699
712































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.
























































The excess of (1) the carrying amount of the preferred stock in the registrant's balance sheet over (2) the fair value of the consideration transferred to the holders of the preferred stock
 during the accounting period
 which will be added to net earnings to arrive at net earnings available to common shareholders in the calculation of earnings per share.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







The cost
and fair value of investments classified as available for sale are as follows:



December 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
530
328
    
    
    
19
608
    
    
    
(64
046)
    
    
    
485
890
    

    
    
    
445
337
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(10
624)
    
    
    
434
713
    

    
    
    
180
120
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
075)
    
    
    
178
240
    

    
    
    
1
948
596
    
    
    
1
880
    
    
    
(270
179)
    
    
    
1
680
297
    

    
    
    
3
104
381
    
    
    
21
683
    
    
    
(346
924)
    
    
    
2
779
140
    





December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
006
169
    
    
    
98
213
    
    
    
(32
181)
    
    
    
1
072
201
    

    
    
    
54
847
    
    
    
1
994
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
841
    

    
    
    
464
585
    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
(15
449)
    
    
    
462
096
    

    
    
    
973
333
    
    
    
1
329
    
    
    
(49
420)
    
    
    
925
242
    

    
    
    
2
498
934
    
    
    
114
496
    
    
    
(97
050)
    
    
    
2
516
380
    





December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
639
974
    
    
    
90
875
    
    
    
(5
190
    
    
    
725
659
    

    
    
    
1
135
064
    
    
    
16
212
    
    
    
(7
047
    
    
    
1
144
229
    

    
    
    
1
775
038
    
    
    
107
087
    
    
    
(12
237
    
    
    
1
869
888
    


Proceeds
from the sale of investments were $2
773
570
 $3
001
016 and $1
475
730 for the years ended December
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

Gross gains
of $177
420
 $248
223 and $88
713 and gross losses of $78
467
 $52
723 and $17
427 were realized on these sales during the years
ended December
 2014
 2013 and 2012 respectively.

The following
table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed
to be other-than-temporarily impaired
 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been
in a continuous unrealized loss position
 at December
 2014
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
Less
    Than 12 Months
    
    
12
    Months or Greater
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2014
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
162
268
    
    
    
(49
053
    
    
    
141
417
    
    
    
(14
993
    
    
    
303
685
    
    
    
(64
046
    

    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
(10
624
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
434
713
    
    
    
(10
624
    

    
    
    
80
640
    
    
    
(2
075
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
640
    
    
    
(2
075
    

    
    
    
1
056
140
    
    
    
(194
641
    
    
    
497
277
    
    
    
(75
538
    
    
    
1
553
417
    
    
    
(270
179
    

    
    
    
1
733
761
    
    
    
(256
393
    
    
    
638
694
    
    
    
(90
531
    
    
    
2
372
455
    
    
    
(346
924
    




    
    
Less
    Than 12 Months
    
    
12
    Months or Greater
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2013
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
213
222
    
    
    
(32
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
213
222
    
    
    
(32
180
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
224
125
    
    
    
(15
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
224
125
    
    
    
(15
449
    

    
    
    
615
986
    
    
    
(42
827
    
    
    
96
726
    
    
    
(6
593
    
    
    
712
712
    
    
    
(49
420
    

    
    
    
1
053
333
    
    
    
(90
456
    
    
    
96
726
    
    
    
(6
593
    
    
    
1
150
059
    
    
    
(97
049
    




    
    
Less
    Than 12 Months
    
    
12
    Months or Greater
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2012
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
Unrealized
    Losses
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
63
620
    
    
    
(3
745
    
    
    
21
910
    
    
    
(1
445
    
    
    
85
530
    
    
    
(5
190
    

    
    
    
301
229
    
    
    
(2
721
    
    
    
193
930
    
    
    
(4
326
    
    
    
495
159
    
    
    
(7
047
    

    
    
    
364
849
    
    
    
(6
466
    
    
    
215
840
    
    
    
(5
771
    
    
    
580
689
    
    
    
(12
237
    


Equities
 Mutual Funds
 Preferred Securities
 and
Corporate Bonds -The Company's investments in equity securities
 mutual funds
 preferred securities
 and corporate bonds consist
of investments in common stock
 preferred stock and debt securities of companies in various industries. As of December 31
 2014
there were three corporate bond securities that had unrealized losses greater than twelve months. The Company evaluated the near-term
prospects of the issuer in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Based on that evaluation and the Company's
ability and intent to hold these investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for a forecasted recovery of fair value
the Company did not consider any material investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31
 2014.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012













600

















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014









    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
373
476
    
    
    
3
027
900
    

    
    
    
2
069
742
    
    
    
2
690
097
    

    
    
    
1
371
001
    
    
    
1
181
011
    

    
    
    
5
814
219
    
    
    
6
899
008
    




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c






































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 column(s) 3
 4 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012































875
384


685
691


679
798































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2014







In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#148; (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 including most industry-specific requirements.
ASU 2014-09 establishes a five-step revenue recognition process in which an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty
of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. In July 2015 the FASB decided to delay the effective date for implementation
of ASU 2014-09. Under the delayed effective date
 the Company is required to adopt the new standard not later than its first quarter
of 2018. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows and the method of retrospective application
 either full or modified.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance for measuring inventory.&#160;&#160;The core principal of the guidance is that
an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.&#160;&#160;Net realizable value is the estimated
selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation.&#160;&#160;This
guidance does not apply to inventory that is being measured using the Last-In
 First-Out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.

The guidance is effective for
financial statements issued for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective basis.&#160;&#160;Early
adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;Management is currently evaluating the impact this will have on the consolidated financial statements.



































Tabular disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.































