

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-17-002786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170323
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		17710099
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2017



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    incorporation or organization)
    
    
    File Number)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    Identification Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 29
 2016
 based
on a closing price of $0.74 was approximately $10
142
983.

As
of March 20
 2017
 the registrant had 27
805
750 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
 issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: None.




    
    


Table
of Contents



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1A. Risk Factors
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Our
History

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
Inc.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
primarily related to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination
for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack
of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders
to look for other potential business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of
the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place
on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders
became the majority shareholders of Mascot.

Immediately
following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot received
notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


    
    


Our
Company

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay
Ridge
 Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson
Dan Dougherty. Today we market a line of all natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated foods for sale in retailers around
the country. Our primary products include beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 all with slow cooked Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna
&ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic
colors and preservatives that are used in many conventional packaged foods.

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted
to the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling
Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains
no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or
poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves
your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural
label.

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets and mass-market retailers. Our products are principally sold in multiple sections
of the supermarket
 including: hot bars
 salad bars
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 as well as cold deli and foods-to-go sections.
Our products are also sold in the frozen food and fresh meat sections. Consumers can find our products at leading food retailers
(supermarkets)
 including:



    
    
Key
    Foods 
    
    

Central
    Market
    
King
    Kullen
    
Sam&rsquo;s
    Club 

Demoulas
    (Market Basket)
    
    
    
Save
    Mart

    
    
    
    
    

Fresh
    Market
    
    
    
Shop
    Rite

    
    
    
    
Shoppers
    Food &amp; Pharmacy 

Giant
    Eagle
    
Lunds
    and Byerlys
    
    

    
    
    
    
Stop
    &amp; Shop

    
    
Meatball
    Obsession
    
    

    
    
Price
    Chopper
    
Weis
    Markets

    
    
    
    
Whole
    Foods Market&nbsp;

    
    
Roche
    Bros.
    
    


We
sell directly to both food retailers and food distributors. Some of the leading food distributors we sell to include:



Associated
    Wholesale Grocers
    
Driscoll
    Foods
    
    

    
    
Gourmet
    Guru
    
    

Burris
    Logistics
    
Monterrey
    Provision Co.
    
    

C&amp;S
    Wholesale Grocers
    
Porky
    Products
    
    

DPI
    Mid Atlantic 
    
Super
    Store Industries
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

We
also sell our products on QVC through live on-air offerings
 auto ship programs and for every day purchases on their web site.
QVC is the world&rsquo;s largest direct to consumer marketer.

During
the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 28% and 13% of gross
sales. During the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 16%
14%
 13% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2017
 these two customers represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross
outstanding receivables
 respectively. As of January 31
 2016
 these four customers represented approximately 18%
 7%
 9% and
30% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. We depend heavily on these customers. We have grown the number of food
retailers (supermarkets) carrying our products to approximately 11
700 supermarkets in January 2017. In the supermarkets that
carry our products
 we sell an average of 3.3 of our stock keeping units (&ldquo;SKUs&rdquo;). The number of supermarkets carrying
our products multiplied by the number of our SKUs carried at those supermarkets equals shelf placements for our products. We have
grown the number of shelf placements to approximately 38
700 in January 2017.


    
    


The
Company continually reviews it accounts in order focus on maximum performance
 and as a result periodically eliminates under-performing
accounts.

For
the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
 one vendor (a related party) represented approximately 100% and 95% of the Company&rsquo;s
purchases
 respectively.

Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made
with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including
frozen
 deli- prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department. The overall size of the specialty prepared
food business was calculated by the National Association for the Specialty Food Trade in association with Mintel Research at over
$109 billion in 2015 and has grown 22% since 2012.

Packaged
Facts
 a leading publisher of market research on the food
 beverage
 consumer packaged goods
 and demographic sectors
 projects
the overall sales of Refrigerated Meats and Meals to be approximately $31 billion by 2018
 up from $23 billion in 2013. According
to Packaged Facts
 this 5.5% implied CAGR is likely driven by trends including a focus on convenience and healthy and creative
new products. In addition
 Packaged Facts projects that retail sales of Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages will reach $53.5 billion
in 2014 and will grow to $86.7 billion by 2019. This implied CAGR of 10.1% is likely driven by the growing social and environmental
issues surrounding the interest in and health benefits of natural and organic foods. Technomic
 a consulting firm in the fresh
prepared foods industry
 projects fresh food sales to be $33.4 billion in 2017
 up from $26 billion in 2012.

Our
Strengths

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
Our products are founded upon Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini&rsquo;s old world Italian recipes.
    We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers
    and will help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the
    great taste and quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
Our products are made only from high quality natural ingredients
 including domestic inspected beef
    whole Italian tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices.
    Our products are also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing
    quick and easy meal solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs
    can be prepared quickly and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
We strive to provide our customers with a great tasting product using all natural ingredients at an affordable
    price. Typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages ranges from $5.99 to $7.49
 and $5.99 to $8.99 for bulk products sold in
    delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
Since our inception
 we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we
    pride on ourselves on our traditional beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 we have continuously made efforts to grow
    and diversify our line of products while maintaining our high standards for all natural
 healthy ingredients and great taste.
    New items introduced in the last year include:




Five
    Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
Antibiotic
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Chicken
    Parmigiana Stuffed Meatballs
Gluten
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Chicken
    Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
Cocktail
    Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Grass-Fed
    Antibiotic-Free Beef Meatballs
Beef
    and Turkey Original Meat Loaves

Beef
    and Turkey Parmigiana Meat Loaves
Beef
    Bacon Gorgonzola Meat Loaves

Stuffed
    Pepper Filling
Chicken
    Parmigiana



    
    






    
    
Strong
Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver
    great-tasting products made with all natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website
    and/or social media channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired
    enthusiasm for our brand. We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases
    and new consumers trying our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
We have a proven and experienced senior management team. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Carl
    Wolf
 has been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies.
    Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company
    engaged in the development
 marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was
    sold to Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience
    in the food industry.


Our
Growth Strategy

We
are actively executing a strategy to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins
by pursuing the following growth initiatives:



    
    
Increase
. We strive for product placements in the perishable departments
    of retail locations. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer
    awareness
 leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. Increase sales in the &ldquo;Fresh&rdquo; section (in the perimeter of the retainer)
    where there is significant sales growth and higher margins
 over products in the &ldquo;Frozen&rdquo; section which are showing
    zero to negative growth.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We intend to increase sales by expanding the number of retail stores that sell our products
        in the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels.
        

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We have an experienced sales staff and now employ one full time Vice President of sales as well as
    our Co-Founder Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
 each
    of whom is involved with selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains.

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
. We currently work with retail food brokers nationwide and intend to add additional food brokers
    to increase our geographical coverage in the United States to approximately 90%.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
. We have increased our social media activity with Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 and YouTube.
    We also engage with consumers through newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including a bank of recipe videos
    and contests and giveaways. Targeted consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in
    rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising will continue into the future in order to increase sales and
    generate new customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Adding
. Our market research and consumer testing enable us to identify attractive new product opportunities.
    We intend to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.
    We currently have approximately 26 product offerings.



    
    





    
    
Maintain
. The Company currently offers various lines through QVC and intends to increase its
    product line offerings offered through QVC.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. Increase the visibility of Dan Dougherty (Mancini) in the media as a product spokesman. We have hired
    5WPR as our consumer public relations firm to undertake an extensive publicity campaign.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Club
    Stores&rdquo;.




Our
principal products are meatballs with slow cooked Italian Sauce
 Meatloaf and Italian Entrees. We currently offer our products
using the following meats: beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork.

Our
current products include:








BULK
DELI






    
    



TURKEY
MEATBALLS:





BULK
DELI




    
    






MEATLOAF
STUFFED PEPPERS
 BAKED ZITI
 AND SPECIALTY ITEMS:







Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than
those in the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our
product line through the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages range from $5.99 to $7.99
and $5.99 to $8.99 per pound for prepared food products sold to delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
 among other
factors
 may lead to us consider price increases in the future.



None
of our raw materials or ingredients are grown or purchased directly by us. We employ one company
 JEFE to order all raw materials
or ingredients
 as well as manufacture all of our products to date. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President of the Company.

We
are negotiating with several other manufacturers to supplement the services provided by JEFE. We currently purchase modest quantities
from other manufacturers. All of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable
by our suppliers. We have not experienced any material shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations
and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable future.



As
of January 31
 2017
 our products are carried by approximately 11
700 food retail locations with an average of 3.3 different items
per retail location
 thereby totaling approximately 38
700 product placements on shelves in such retail locations. Our products
are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in bulk and grab n&rsquo;
go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and sandwich shops in food retailers.

Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their
own warehouses or to large food distributors.

In
December 2015
 the Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting
business with almost every major retail supermarket chain in the country. Currently
 all of our full-time employees and Dan Dougherty
sell our products directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold primarily in the
Northeast and Southeast.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings
and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special
merchandising events with retailers and consumer advertising.


    
    


The
Company has also developed a brand ambassador program for consumer advocates of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Advocates receive coupons
hats
 tote bags and other incentives to promote our brand. In addition
 the Company has an active on-line and traditional paper
couponing activity and employees outside services to deliver coupons to consumers such as Facebook
 newspaper free standing inserts
and on pack coupons as well as our web site. Dan Dougherty has been the principal spokesperson for MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and has
made appearances or had article features including the Martha Stewart Show
 Entertainment Tonight
 Today Cooking School
 New York
Times
 Wall Street Journal
 USA Today and People Magazine.

Based
on the Company&rsquo;s metrics for determining brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition
of the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has grown significantly in
the past 12 months.

Investments
- Meatball Obsession

During
2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This
investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus
the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011 the investment was written
down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO. The Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January
31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively. One of our directors
 Steven Burns
serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine
from all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that
our competition is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche
market
 there can be no assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our
principal competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet Meat Company
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.

Intellectual
Property

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and three trademarks for
&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes
and use of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also
use technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.

Royalty
Agreement

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January
1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50 year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25 year extension
option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall
develop a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty
shall work with us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s
trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject
to the Development and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty
fee on net sales.


    
    


Supply
Agreement

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company entered into a five-year agreement with JEFE. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President of the Company.
Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company granted to JEFE a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s
product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. JEFE in turn granted
to the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement JEFE agreed to manufacture
 package
and store the Company&rsquo;s products. The Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the
initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination
date. The agreement was automatically renewed in February 2016.

On
August 1
 2016
 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Supply Agreement with JEFE which extended the term of the Agreement
to July 31
 2021 (notwithstanding
 in the event of a Change of Control of the Company
 the Agreement will expire on the later
of July 31
 20121 or a date which is three (3) years following the Change of Control. The Amended Agreement also provides for
a Minimum Volume Guaranty
 whereby during the Term of this Agreement
 the Company agrees to deliver Purchase Orders to JEFE of
not less than $963
000 per calendar month
 which will result in gross profit to JEFE (at a 12% margin) of at least $115
560 per
month. The Company further agreed to pay JEFE
 on a monthly basis
 any shortfall in JEFE&rsquo;s net profit (calculated on a 12%
margin) below $115
560 per month. To the extent JEFE&rsquo;s profit for any month (calculated on a 12% margin) exceeds $115
560
any such excess shall be paid to the Company as a reduction against any then outstanding account payable owing by JEFE to the
Company.

Under
the terms of the Agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in JEFE incurring
increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in JEFE being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials
in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and
shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging
of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse JEFE for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the Agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.

Finally
it was agreed that the Company will pay JEFE $5
000 per month during the Term of the Agreement on account of certain shared expenses.
In all other material respects
 the terms of the original Agreement remain unchanged.

USDA
approval / Regulations

Our
food products
 which are manufactured in third-party facilities
 are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations and
inspection
 and to extensive regulations and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging and labeling. In order to distribute
and sell our products outside the State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities must meet the standards promulgated
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our third party manufacturers processing facilities and products
are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization
Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance
the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products
are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.

We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory
program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this
program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.


    
    


The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and
state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase
the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to
be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of
our contract manufacturer
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging
and product specifications and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 each of our contract manufacturers is required
to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
current contract manufacturer
 JEFE
 is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety
and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food
safety and quality simultaneously. Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service
complies with applicable regulations and standards.

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required.
The quality assurance staff of both our contract manufacturer and our own internal operations department conducts periodic on-site
routine audits of critical ingredient suppliers.

Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently pay an administrative fee of $5
000
per month to JEFE which includes use of office space and telephones
 computers and photocopy and fax use. We utilize approximately
1
000 square feet of office space on a month-to-month basis. This space is utilized for office purposes and it is our belief that
the space is adequate for our immediate needs. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities. We do not
foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary.


    
    


Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i)
the intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTCQB
 for the fiscal years ended January
31
 2017 and January 31
 2016. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and
may not represent actual transactions.




 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Fiscal
    Year Ended January 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third
    Quarter 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
market price of our common stock
 like that of other early stage companies
 is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations
in response to variations in operating results
 announcements of new products
 or other events or factors. Our stock price may
also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance.

(b)
Holders

As
of March 20
 2017
 a total of 27
805
750 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately
133 shareholders of record. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name
of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

Preferred
Stock
per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder We have not paid any cash dividends to
he holders of our Common Stock.


    
    


Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our
present intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
if any
 in our business operations.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During
the period between February 1
 2016 and January 31
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
329
111 shares of its Common stock
as follows:



    
646
548 shares

    
528
481 shares

    
154
082 shares


These
shares were all issued under an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

There
were no other sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on
a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Plan
of Operation

The
Company plans to sell more of its products into new and existing food retail outlets. The Company has refined its customer base
to concentrate on more profitable accounts. The Company is focusing its sales and marketing effort toward the fresh prepared food
section of retailers where margins are higher and sales volume per retailer is stronger and growing. Social media activity has
increased with Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 YouTube
 newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and helpful consumer content and special projects
including a recipe bank of videos and MamaMancini&rsquo;s contest and giveaways. Increased consumer merchandising activity
 including
virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising has commenced to increase
sales to existing customers and new customers.


    
    


We
believe that the ongoing introduction of the Company&rsquo;s new all natural brand Slow Cooked Italian Sauce and various meatball
and entr&eacute;e products show promise for additional product placements and sales in the future. These products include Five
Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
 Chicken Parmigiana Style Stuffed Meatballs
 Chicken Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
 Gluten Free Beef
and Turkey Meatballs
 Antibiotic Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs
 Cocktail Meat Balls
 Hearty Beef and Turkey Sauce
 Original Beef
and Turkey Meat Loaves
 Beef and Turkey Parmigiana Meat Loaves
 Beef and Turkey Bacon Gorgonzola Meat Loaves and Grass-fed Beef
Meatballs. In addition
 the Company has introduced Stuffed Pepper kits in December
 2016 and will be introducing Chicken Parmigiana
in the Spring of 2017. This line is available in bulk food service pack
 retail packages in fresh varieties
 and club store pack
in fresh varieties. Additionally
 the Company plans to continue expansion into various new retailers with placement of its existing
product line of Beef
 Turkey
 Pork and Chicken Meatballs and Sauce
 as well as Marinara and Italian Sauce with beef flavors.

The
Company has key sales personnel and a sales network of paid broker representatives. We currently work with approximately 35 retail
food brokers.

The
Company currently has supply agreement with JEFE
 a related party
 which has been extended to July 31
 2021. This agreement automatically
renews for periods of one year unless otherwise terminated by nine months prior written notice. JEFE is owned by the CEO and President
of the Company.

In
February 2017
 the Company purchased additional production equipment to handle anticipated demand for its products.

We
believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products have the ability to expand sales and deliver more products within several areas of consumption
by consumers such as fresh meat
 prepared foods
 hot bars
 cold bars in delis
 and sandwich sections of supermarkets and other
food retailers. In addition
 we believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products can be sold into food service channels
 mass market
and exported or as a component of other products.

Results
of Operations for the Year ended January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the years ended January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016:



    
    

    

 2017

 2016

    
18
048
792
12
603
447

    
6
492
816
3
597
227

    
(6
085
807
(5
856
544

    
(696
149
(1
252
301

    
(289
140
(3
511
618




    
Slotting
    fees are required in new placements with some
 but not a majority of supermarket chains that the Company does business with.
    They are negotiated with each chain depending upon the expected return to the Company. We believe that we have successfully
    negotiated such slotting fees to a relatively low expense. We have taken into account future fees currently being negotiated
    in preliminary negotiations for new placements. We do not believe our size or financial limitations are an impediment to being
    able to pay such slotting fees. Slotting fee costs are an expense in growing the business as are other marketing and sales
    costs and the Company has accounted for these fees in assessing its estimated working capital for the next 12 months.


For
the years ended January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016
 the Company reported a net loss of $289
140 and $3
511
618
 respectively.
The change in net loss between the years ended January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016
 which was primarily attributable to an increase
in sales
 a higher gross profit margin
 and operating expenses only increased 4% on a 43% sales increase.


    
    


Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 43% to $18
048
792 during the year ended January 31
2017
 from $12
603
447 during the year ended January 31
 2016. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company sold into higher
volume locations compared to the year ended January 31
 2016. The Company has sold into approximately 38
700 SKU&rsquo;s in 11
700
retail and grocery locations at January 31
 2017 as compared to approximately 32
000 SKU&rsquo;s in 10
000 retail and grocery
locations at January 31
 2016. In addition
 during the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company was able to increase its sales
through new customers as well as its existing customer base.

Gross
Profit: 
 2017 compared to 29% for the year ended January 31
2016. The increase in gross profit is attributable to the increase in customer base
 improved product mix and production efficiencies.

Operating
Expenses: 
 2017
 as compared to the year ended January
31
 2016. The $229
263 increase in operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following approximate increases in operating
expenses:



    
Stock-based
    compensation for services rendered by employees and consultants increased by of $274
900 compared to the prior year;

    
    

    
Postage
    and freight of $338
700 due to higher sales offset by better efficiency


    
    

    
Commission
    expenses of $147
800 related to increased sales;

    
    

    
Research
    and development costs increased by $36
400 due to offering new products and the related increase in sales;

    
    

    
Depreciation
    expense of $63
300 due to new fixed asset purchases during the period; and

    
    

    
Royalty
    expense of $32
300 related to increased sales.


These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following expenses:



    
Advertising
    social media and promotional expenses of $514
000 related to a decrease in spending on our radio advertising campaign and
    special promotions; and

    
    

    
Professional
    fees decreased by $155
600 due to better management of this expense.


Other
Expense:
152 to $696
149 for the year ended January 31
 2017 as compared to $1
252
301 during
the year ended January 31
 2016. For year ended January 31
 2017
 other expenses consisted of $667
623 in interest expense incurred
on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit and term loan with EGC
 the note payable with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;)
the promissory notes and the related party notes payable. In addition
 the Company recorded $28
526 of amortization expense related
to the debt discount and finance arrangements. For the year ended January 31
 2016
 other expenses consisted of $555
071 in interest
expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit and term loan with EGC and the convertible debenture with Manatuck. In
addition
 the Company recorded $317
141 of amortization expense related to the debt discount and finance arrangements. During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company also recorded $380
089 from a loss on debt extinguishment related to the amendment
to the Manatuck agreement in October 2015.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2017 compared to January 31
 2016:



    
    
January
    31
 2017
    
    
January
    31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    Assets
    
    
5
143
478
    
    
    
4
719
995
    
    
    
423
483
    

Current
    Liabilities
    
    
3
139
807
    
    
    
4
754
360
    
    
    
(1
614
553
    

Working
    Capital (Deficiency)
    
    
2
003
671
    
    
    
(34
365
    
    
    
2
038
036
    


As
of January 31
 2017
 we had a working capital of $2
003
671 as compared to a working capital deficiency of $(34
365) as of January
31
 2016
 an increase of $2
038
036. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to increases in cash
 accounts
receivable
 inventories and decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 promissory notes and related party notes all of
which were offset by decreases in prepaid expenses
 due from manufacturer and increases in term loan and note payable.

Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the year ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 was $482
792 and ($1
260
259)
 respectively.
The net loss for the year ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 was $289
140 and $3
511
618
 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2017 was $476
867 as compared to $208
226 for the year ended
January 31
 2016
 respectively
 to acquire new machinery and equipment and leasehold improvements.

Net
cash provided by all financing activities for the year ended January 31
 2017 was $73
233 as compared to cash provided by financing
activities of $1
200
912 for the year ended January 31
 2016. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company had an increase
in net borrowings of $403
524 and $340
000 for transactions pursuant to the line of credit and term loan
 respectively. These
increases were offset by $126
668 and $336
575 paid for repayments on a term loan and net payments of promissory notes
 respectively.
During the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company raised net proceeds of $1
580
000 from the issuance of preferred stock
 $650
000
from the issuance of demand notes which were converted into preferred stock in June 2016 and $125
000 from the proceeds of a note
payable from related parties. This increase was offset by $436
330 stock offering costs
 $10
021 deferred offering costs
 and
$449
477 net repayments of line of credit
 $120
000 repayments of term loan
 and $138
260 repayments of promissory notes
 respectively.

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash provided by operations
of $289
138 and $482
792
 respectively
 for the year ended January 31
 2017.

Although
the continued revenue growth coupled with improved gross margins and control of expenses leads management to believe that it is
probable that the Company&rsquo;s cash resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the first quarter of
fiscal year ended January 31
 2019
the Company
may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic
objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all.
In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 though there is no
guarantee it will be able to do so.


Going
Concern Analysis

The
Company had a net loss of $289
140 and $3
511
618 for the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016. As a result
 these conditions
had raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern beyond 2017. However
 as of January 31
 2017
we had cash and working capital of $666
580 and $1
753
671
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company
generated cash from operations of $482
792. In addition
 management was able to negotiate the terms of its note payable with one
of the lenders and intends to exercise an option to extend the maturity date of the note payable to May 1
 2018. Also
 the continued
revenue growth coupled with improved gross margins and control of expenses leads management to believe that it is probable that
the Company&rsquo;s cash resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the first quarter of fiscal year ended
January 31
 2019. If necessary
 management also believes that it is probable that external sources of debt and/or equity financing
could be obtained based on management&rsquo;s history of being able to raise capital coupled with current favorable market conditions.
As a result of both management&rsquo;s plans and current favorable trends in improving cash flow
 the Company believes the initial
conditions which raised substantial doubt regarding the ability to continue as a going concern have been alleviated. Therefore
the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.



    
    



The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the matters discussed herein.
While we believe in the viability of management&rsquo;s strategy to generate sufficient revenue
 control costs and the ability
to raise additional funds if necessary
 there can be no assurances to that effect. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon the ability to further implement the business plan
 generate sufficient revenues and to control
operating expenses.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2017.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.




    
    



Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2017
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.

Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.


    
    


We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    

    
We
    will update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
    processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2018 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to January 31
 2017
 we intend to undertake the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.

    
    
    

    
    
Added
    additional accounting staff to further segregate duties and help the Company maintain timely reporting of financial results.


Item
9B. Other Information.



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April 1
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    



    
    


Carl
Wolf
as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Mr. Wolf was
the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a NASDAQ-listed public company
with over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay
 which was a NASDAQ-listed public company which ally traded
direct seller of spoken word through its audio book club and old time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from
2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University (Henry Rutgers Scholar) and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh
(with honors).

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown
through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served as the
President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously
worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous aspects
of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.

Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Lewis
Ochs
served as the Executive Vice President of Finance for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Effective September 5
 2014 Mr. Ochs was named our
Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 beginning in January 2003 and still presently
 he serves as the CFO of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres
Unlimited
 overseeing all of the financial aspects of the company. From 1979 through 1991
 he also was an owner of Captive Plastics
Inc.
 a large molding manufacturer
 directly contributing to the overseeing of over 500 union and non-union employees. At various
times in his career he also acted as an independent consultant utilizing his financial skills including forensic accounting
 restructuring
of businesses
 and as a field examiner for lending institutions.

Mr.
Ochs received his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Akron in 1970.

In
evaluating Mr. Ochs&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in finance and accounting
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Steven
Burns
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves as the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works as the President
and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily deal with investments
and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
 and healthcare technology.
Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance
Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial committees and boards of directors
throughout his career.


    
    


Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March
2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as
Vice- President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from February
1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto
Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.
Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Dan
Altobello
 Mr. Altobello
 Chairman of Altobello
Family LP
 has been a private investor and active board member of several companies. From September 1995 until October 2000
 Mr.
Altobello was the Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc.
 the parent of Caterair International
 Inc. and LSG/SKY Chefs. He is a
current member of the boards of directors of DiamondRock Hospitality Company
 a publicly-traded hotel REIT
 Northstar Senior Care
Trust
 Inc.
 a private company that intends to qualify as a REIT
 Mesa Air Group
 Inc. and Arlington Asset Investment
 Corp
 a
principal investment firm that acquires and holds mortgage-related and other assets. From 2004 to December 2010
 he served as
a member of the board of JER Investors Trust
 Inc.
 a specialty finance company. Mr. Altobello serves on the advisory board of
Thayer | Hidden Creek
 a private equity firm. Mr. Altobello is also a trustee of Loyola Foundation
 Inc.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Altobello&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the areas of specialty finance. He also has experience in the area of food service distribution
 due
to his past position as Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc. His past and present service on multiple public and private company
boards
 including his service on the audit committee of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Northstar Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
provides him with comprehensive experience in the area of corporate governance that can be extremely valuable to Board and Company
operations.


    
    


Mr.
Altobello
 received his B.A. from Georgetown University in June 1963 and his M.B.A. from Loyola University Maryland in June 1978.

Dean
Janeway
broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational oversight
and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the largest
retailer- owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing
responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions. From
1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board
of directors may from time to time establish other committees.

Audit
Committee

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits
and financial statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting
    and legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.



    
    





    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
    &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct
access to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s
expense
 special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Burns
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Altobello. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr.
Burns is our Audit Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
the Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s
actions shall generally be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:



    
    
Review
    the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate
    officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment
    of the interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
 and other benefits
 direct and indirect
    of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term
    incentives while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and all other executive officers of
    the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual grants and awards.

    
    
    



    
    





    
    
Review
    and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
    and the other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that the CD&amp;A be included in the annual
    report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
If
    required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company&rsquo;s
    annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers.




    
    
Perform
    an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Plan
    for executive development and succession.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any stockholder approval under the listing
    standards of NASDAQ.

    
    
    

    
    
Recommend
    an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee
    and
 as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond to such stockholder concerns.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation
    plan
 incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship
    between the Company&rsquo;s risk management policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.


Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 and Mr. Dean Janeway. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino serves as the Chairman of
our Compensation Committee.

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which
are required under the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are qualified
to become directors of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the Board of nominees
including Stockholder Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders) to serve as
a directors of the Company. To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
are as follows:



    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the current composition
 size
    role and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner
    consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines
 and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.



    
    




    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance
    with the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on
    the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Before
    recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
 including capability
 availability
    to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant factors.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of
    directors to Board committees and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and
    support the annual performance evaluation process.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director renominations and directors&rsquo; changes
    in circumstances in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo; compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation and training programs for new directors.

    
    
    

    
    
Annually
    evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance and adequacy of this Charter.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
    and recommend to the Board whether a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.

    
    
    

    
    
Oversee
    Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted
    by stockholders for approval at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Regularly
    report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended
    from time to time
 the NASDAQ company guide
 and any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the
    Committee.


Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Janeway and Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 with Mr. Janeway serving as the Chairman.


    
    



Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.



    
    





forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended January
31
 2017 and January 31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
186
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
186
000

    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
72
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000

    
    
71
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
000




    
Mr. Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr. Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr. Ochs was appointed as Vice President of Finance of the Company on January 24
 2013 and Chief Financial Officer on September 5
 2014.



    
    


2017 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL
YEAR-END






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
000
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
000
8
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
75
000
48
750
    
    



    
    




    
Mr. Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer
    of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. Brown was appointed as President of the
    Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. Burns was appointed as a director of the
    Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director
    of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. Toto was appointed as a director of the
    Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. Altobello was appointed as a director of
    the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr. Janeway was appointed as a director of the
    Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Non-management Company
    employee

    
    

    
Shares vest upon
    a change of control of the Company


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors.
Accordingly
 Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those
directors who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive
compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Janeway and Mr.
Altobello are to be paid $10
000 per annum for their service as members of the board
 payable quarterly in Company common stock.


 our directors were granted
stock options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise of $1.00 (&ldquo;Option Grant 1&rdquo;)
and $2.95 (&ldquo;Option Grant 2&rdquo;)
 respectively. All such options vested immediately and expire 5 years from the date of
grant. Each director that was granted 10
000 options under Option Grant 2 subsequently cancelled such 10
000 options to purchase
common stock on April 23
 2014 in exchange for 8
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. In 2017
 each of our independent
directors were granted stock options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise of $0.39 per
share. Such options vested immediately and expire 5 years from the date of grant.


of directors for the granting of options. There is no assurance that the Company will continue to issue options to the board of
directors or on what terms such issuance would occur. In addition
 our Lead Director
 Steven Burns was paid $42
000 in stock compensation
for the year ended January 31
 2017 for his additional services in that capacity.


reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings.


forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending on January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
58
000
16
442
    
    
74
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442



    
    




    
Mr. Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013. 

    
    

    
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr. Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr. Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr. Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.







 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered
into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term of 3 years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement
automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6)
months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed
for a period of one year on March 5
 2017. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year.
Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus
as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr.
Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date
of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date of
termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the
Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.




 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s
employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written notice of non-renewal
not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment
agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2017. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Brown receives a base salary
of $110
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown is eligible
to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality provisions
regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to receive Termination Payments
(as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction
with the following:


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date
of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date of
termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the
Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.




 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Lewis Ochs as our Vice President of Finance for a term of 1 year. Mr. Ochs employment agreement
automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6)
months prior to an anniversary date
 As of March 5
 2016
 Mr. Ochs may be terminated by the Company on thirty (30) days written
notice. Effective September 5
 2014
 Mr. Ochs was named our Chief Financial Officer. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Ochs
receives a base salary of $72
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
Mr. Ochs is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Ochs is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Ochs is also entitled to receive Termination
Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Ochs&rsquo; Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction
with the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date
of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs prorated as of the date of
termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the
Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of March 20
 2017 (27
805
750)
and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all shares are owned directly and
the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.


    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
250

    
    

    
5
588

    
    

    
80

    
    

    
1
356

    
    

    
979

    
    

    
826

    
    

    
312

    
    

    
403

    
    

    
16
798

    
    






    
    
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a)
    of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In determining beneficial
    ownership of our Common Stock
 the number of shares shown includes shares which the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise
    of debentures
 warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days. In determining the percent of Common Stock owned
    by a person or entity on March 20
 2017 
 (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such
    person or entity
 including shares which the beneficial ownership may acquire within 60 days of the conversion of Series A
    Preferred shares
 exercise of debentures
 warrants and options; and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares
    of that class outstanding on March 20
 2017 (27
805
750) shares of Common Stock and (ii) the total number of shares
    that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock
 exercise of the debentures
 warrants and
    options. Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. The address of each
    of the holders is 25 Branca Road
 East Rutherford
 NJ 07073.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The shares are held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total includes 5
736
159 shares directly owned
 740
741 shares issuable on conversion of 5
000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 774
075 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
The shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total includes 5
407
281 shares directly owned
 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 107
408 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 29
223 shares directly owned and options to purchase 51
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 21
313 shares held by Steven Burns
 1
115
059 shares held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 a corporation which is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 60
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 111
702 shares directly held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 626
212 shares held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino Revocable Living Trust 11/6/2009
 of which Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 60
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 666
806 held by Thomas Toto and 66
667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto
 for which Thomas Toto is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes 33
333 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 60
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 71
035 shares held by Daniel Altobello. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 60
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This amount includes 161
865 shares held by Dean Janeway. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 60
000 shares of common stock.



    
    





number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and
250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.




000
000
shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At March 20
 2017
 we have 27
805
750 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding.


per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive
 subscription or conversion rights and there are no
redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled to cumulative voting for purposes of
electing members to our board of directors.




000
000
shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. The Company has designated 120
000 shares of preferred stock as Series
A Convertible Preferred stock. As of March 20
 2017
 the Company has 23
400 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding. The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of either percent
(8%) per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder and are entitled to a liquidation
preference equal to $100 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible
at the option of the holder
 into shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.675 (subject to adjustment) based
upon the stated value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. There is also an automatic conversion based on the occurrence
of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of the date of this report
 the Company has 23
400 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
 which are convertible into 3
466
777 shares of Company Common Stock (subject
to adjustment). Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to vote with Company Common Stock on an as-converted
basis.



. The holders of the
Series A Convertible Preferred are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of either percent (8%) per annum payable quarterly in
cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. We have not paid any cash dividends to he holders of our Common Stock.
During the fiscal year ended January 31
 2017
 all dividends were paid in Company Common Stock. During that period
 an aggregate
of 528
481 Common Shares were issued as Series A Preferred Stock dividends.


    
    


The declaration of any
future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements
and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any
cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.




 2017
 there are outstanding
warrants to purchase 7
311
785 of our common shares. All of the warrants are exercisable for a term of five years with 505
400
having an exercise price of $1.00 per share (which expire between April 5
 2017 and December 5
 2017)
 508
001 having an exercise
price of $1.50 per share (which expire between July 12
 2018 and January 17
 2019)
 14
000 having an exercise price of $2.50 per
share (which expire on October 15
 2019)
 3
959
999 having an exercise price of $0.675 per share (which expire between June 10
2020 and November 20
 2020) and 2
510
001 having an exercise price of $1.50 per share (which expire on November 20
 2020). The
aforementioned 2
510
001 Warrants were granted subsequent to January 31
 2016 to investors in a prior offering. 22
666 of the aforementioned
Warrants have been either cancelled or exercised.




purchase 464
000 shares of Company Common Stock. Of this amount
 86
000 options at $1.00 per share expire on April 26
 2018
 250
000
options at $0.39 per share expire on April 13
 2021 and 128
000 options at $0.60 per share expire on May 2
 2021.




 2014
 the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;)
whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The
Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and originally matured in February 2016. Upon issuance of
the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock. In April 2015
the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&rsquo;s
review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32
and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.


extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares
granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the
debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included
as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and
$412
553 as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


 2015
 the note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension
 the Company was required to
purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
 a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment
fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition
 the extension reduced accrued
interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000. The outstanding principal at January 31
2016 was $2
540
000. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the
accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining
debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. These loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the statement of operations
is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
and the amendment fee of $170
500.


    
    



 2017
 the Company entered
into a further amendment to the Manatuck Debenture which provided as follows:



    
    
At any time prior
    to August 1
 2017
 the Company shall have an option (the &ldquo;Option&rdquo;) to extend the Maturity Date of the Debenture
    to May 1
 2018;

    
    
    

    
    
The Company agreed
    to pay Manatuck Hill principal payments in the amount of $100
000 per month commencing on February 28
 2017 and continuing
    on the last day of each succeeding month
 providing with respect to each such payment the Company recognized Earnings Before
    Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) of at least $50
000 for the preceding month. EBITDA is
    defined in the Purchase Agreement and Debenture;

    
    
    

    
    
Upon exercise of
    the Option
 the Company will pay to Manatuck Hill a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance
    payable on account of the Debenture as of March 31
 2017. The Company
 at its option
 may elect to add the amount of the fee
    to outstanding principal of the Debenture;

    
    
    

    
    
The Company shall
    make monthly principal payments to Manatuck Hill as follows:




&mdash;
    
150
000

    
    


 2018
200
000



 2017
 the Company notified Manatuck Hill that it
is the Company&rsquo;s intent to exercise the option not later than July 31
 2017.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
Independence.


the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 in which the Company was a participant and the amount involved exceeded
$120
000
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:


 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s is
under a supply and management agreement with JEFE which has been extended to July 31
 2021. JEFE is owned by Matthew Brown and
Karen Wolf (55%) and by Carl and Marion Wolf (45%)
 all of whom are shareholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Matthew Brown and Carl
Wolf are also both officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. For the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the company had
a total of $42
000 and $48
000
 respectively
 incurred as other general and administrative expenses between the Company and JEFE.
These expenses included insurance
 freight
 travel and other general and overhead expenses. Such expenses are the result of an
informal arrangement between the Company and JEFE and no written agreement exists relating to the obligations to pay the same.


 owned by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf
and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 as discussed in the preceding paragraph
 is also contracted to produce and manufacture food products
for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Currently
 JEFE serves as our principal food manufacturing company. For the years ended January 31
 2017
and 2016
 we paid JEFE $12
456
034 and $8
381
441
 respectively

products. At January 31
 2017 and 2016
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s had a receivable in the amount of $2
079
708 and $2
248
781 from this
manufacturer.

Two or
our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a perishable

President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the greater
of $4
000 or 3% sales commission on net sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket chains
headquartered in the New York Metropolitan area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000 in
any month.




each of Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Altobello and Mr. Janeway is an independent director within the meaning
of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them is also an independent director under
Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
 our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock
Exchange.


    
    







services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. This category includes
fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
 and accounts consultations
regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the fiscal years ended January
31
 2017 and January 31
 2016
 were $40
000 and $40
000
 respectively.




related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2017 and January 31
 2016
were $0 and $0
 respectively.




for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning. These services include
preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees billed for the years ended January 31
 2017 and January
31
 2016 were $5
000 and $5
000
 respectively.

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and
Procedures


 2003
 the SEC adopted rules
that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service
 the engagement
be:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.



provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification by
    the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or
    Rule 15d-14(a)).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification by
    the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or
    Rule 15d-14(a)).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification by
    the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification by
    the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    Document

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
    Document



    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: March 23
 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman of the 
    
March 23
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Director 
    
March 23
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 23
 2017

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JANUARY
31
 2017

Table
of Contents



    
    


    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) For the Period from February 1
 2015 through January 31
 2017
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

    
    






    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended January 31
 2017 and 2016. MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for
these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated
financial position of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/
    Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman &amp; Company
    

    
    

Somerset
 New Jersey
    

March 23
 2017
    





    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    
January
    31
 2017
January
    31
 2016

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
666
580
587
422

Accounts
    receivable
 net
1
817
820
1
476
582

    
443
623
252
752

Prepaid
    expenses
135
747
154
458

Due
    from manufacturer - related party
2
079
708
2
248
781

Total
    current assets
5
143
478
4
719
995

    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 net
1
175
508
1
047
455

Total
    Assets
6
318
986
5
767
450

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
484
752
769
551

Line
    of credit
 net
1
363
145
933
001

Term
    loan
140
004
120
000

Promissory
    notes
    
266
808

Notes
    payable - related party
    
125
000

Note
    payable - net
1
401
906
    

Convertible
    note payable - net
    
2
540
000

Total
    current liabilities
3
389
807
4
754
360

    
    
    

Term
    loan - net of current
513
328
320
000

Promissory
    notes - net of current portion
    
69
767

Note
    payable - net of current portion
1
298
819
    

Notes
    payable - related party
117
656
    

Total
    long-term liabilities
1
929
803
389
767

    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
5
319
610
5
144
127

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity:
    
    

Series
    A Preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value; 120
000 shares authorized; 23
400 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

Preferred
    stock
 $0.00001 par value; 19
880
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    

Common
    stock
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 27
810
717 and 26
507
516 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
15
825
029
14
954
928

Common
    stock subscribed
 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 shares
 respectively
    
    

Accumulated
    deficit
(14
676
432
(14
182
371

    
    
    

Less:
    Treasury stock
 230
000 shares
 respectively
(149
500
(149
500

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
999
376
623
323

    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
6
318
986
5
767
450


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
For
    the Years Ended

    
January
    31
 2017
January
    31
 2016

    
    
    

Sales
    - net of slotting fees and discounts
18
048
792
12
603
447

    
    
    

Cost
    of sales
11
555
976
9
006
220

    
    
    

Gross
    profit
6
492
816
3
597
227

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    

Research
    and development
144
013
107
632

General
    and administrative expenses
5
941
794
5
748
912

Total
    operating expenses
6
085
807
5
856
544

    
    
    

Income
    (loss) from operations
407
009
(2
259
317

    
    
    

Other
    expenses
    
    

Interest
    expense
(667
623
(555
071

Amortization
    of debt discount
(28
526
(261
670

Amortization
    of closing costs
    
(55
471

Loss
    on debt extinguishment
    
(380
089

Total
    other expenses
(696
149
(1
252
301

    
    
    

Net
    loss
(289
140
(3
511
618

    
    
    

Less:
    preferred dividends
(204
921
(66
992

    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common stockholders
(494
061
(3
578
610

    
    
    

Net
    loss per common share - basic and diluted
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding
    
    

-
    basic and diluted
27
100
316
26
147
913


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Period from February 1
 2015 through January 31
 2017



    
Series
    A Preferred Stock
Common
    Stock
Treasury
    Stock
    
Paid
                                         In
Common
    Stock
    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    February 1
 2015
    
    
26
047
376
    
    
    
12
766
116
    
(10
603
761
2
162
616

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
055
    
    
3
055

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for services
    
    
421
600
    
    
    
242
487
    
    
242
492

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cashless
    exercise of warrants
    
    
8
540
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for debt financing
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
39
600
    
    
39
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred issued
22
300
    
    
    
    
    
2
230
000
    
    
2
230
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant
    issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
241
769
    
    
241
769

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issuance costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
(678
099
    
    
(678
099

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred issued to settle liability
1
100
    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(66
992
(66
992

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchase
    of treasury stock
    
    
    
    
(230
000
(149
500
    
    
    
(149
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the year ended January 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
511
618
(3
511
618

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    January 31
 2016
23
400
    
26
507
516
    
(230
000
(149
500
14
954
928
    
(14
182
371
623
323

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    
793
307
    
    
    
470
492
    
    
470
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
127
700
    
    
127
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred dividend issued in common shares
    
    
509
894
    
    
    
271
909
    
    
271
914

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(204
921
(204
921

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the year ended January 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(289
140
(289
140

Balance
    January 31
 2017
23
400
    
27
810
717
    
(230
000
(149
500
15
825
029
    
(14
676
432
999
376


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
For
    the Years Ended

    
January
    31
 2017
January
    31
 2016

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Net
    loss
(289
140
(3
511
618

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
    
    

    
348
814
285
516

Amortization
    of debt discount and debt issuance costs
28
526
317
141

Amortization
    of deferred offering costs
    
10
021

Share-based
    compensation
598
200
245
547

Loss
    on extinguishment of debt
    
380
089

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

(Increase)
    Decrease in:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
(341
238
756
629

    
(190
871
48
418

Prepaid
    expenses
18
711
(47
216

Due
    from manufacturer - related party
169
073
(35
744

Increase
    (Decrease) in:
    
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
140
717
290
958

Net
    Cash Provided by (Used In) Operating Activities
482
792
(1
260
259

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Cash
    paid for fixed assets
(476
867
(208
226

Net
    Cash Used In Investing Activities
(476
867
(208
226

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Proceeds
    from issuance of preferred stock
    
1
580
000

Stock
    issuance costs
    
(436
330

Deferred
    offering costs
    
(10
021

Proceeds
    from demand notes
    
650
000

Proceeds
    from notes payable - related party
    
125
000

Repayment
    of note payable - related party
(7
344
    

Repayment
    of note payable
(149
704
    

Debt
    issuance costs
(50
000
    

Borrowings
    (repayments) of line of credit
 net
403
524
(449
477

Borrowings
    from term loan
340
000
    

Repayment
    of term loan
(126
668
(120
000

Repayment
    of promissory notes
(336
575
(138
260

Net
    Cash Provided By Financing Activities
73
233
1
200
912

    
    
    

Net
    Increase (Decrease) in Cash
79
158
(267
573

    
    
    

Cash
    - Beginning of Period
587
422
854
995

    
    
    

Cash
    - End of Period
666
580
587
422

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
    
    

Cash
    Paid During the Period for:
    
    

Income
    taxes
    
    

    
399
106
488
682

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

    
    
    

Stock
    issued for Series A Preferred dividends
271
914
    

Accrued
    interest reclassified to principal balance of convertible note
358
523
220
000

Accrued
    dividends
    
66
992

Stock
    issuance costs paid in the form of warrants
    
241
769

Conversion
    of demand notes to preferred stock
    
650
000

Stock
    issued for debt discount on convertible note
    
39
600

Repurchase
    of common stock issued for amendment of convertible note
    
149
500

Promissory
    note issued for accounts payable
    
474
835

Series
    A Preferred and warrants issued for accounts payable
    
110
000


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.

January 31
 2017

Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Basis
of Presentation




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada corporation. The Company has a year-end
of January 31.


of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
&rsquo;s
customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast.




notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US
GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


(&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2015-03

Issuance Costs
&rdquo;
 $26
620 of unamortized debt issuance
costs
 associated with the Company&rsquo;s debt
 were reclassified from other assets
 as previously reported on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of January 31
 2016
 to line of credit
 net.






of $289
140 and $3
511
618 for the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016. As a result
 these conditions had raised substantial
doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. However
 as of January 31
 2017
 we had cash and working capital of
$666
580 and $1
753
671
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company generated cash from operations of $482
792.
In addition
 management was able to negotiate the terms of its note payable with one of the lenders and intends to exercise an
option to extend the maturity date of the note payable to May 1
 2018. Also
 the continued revenue growth coupled with improved
&rsquo;s
cash resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the first quarter of fiscal year ended January 31
 2019.
If necessary
 management also determined that it is probable that external sources of debt and/or equity financing could be obtained
&rsquo;s history of being able to raise capital coupled with current favorable market
conditions. As a result of both management&rsquo;s plans and current favorable trends in improving cash flow
 the Company concluded
that the initial conditions which raised substantial doubt regarding the ability to continue as a going concern have been alleviated.
Therefore
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a
going concern.


statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the matters discussed herein. While we believe in the viability
of management&rsquo;s strategy to generate sufficient revenue
 control costs and the ability to raise additional funds if necessary
there can be no assurances to that effect. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
to further implement the business plan
 generate sufficient revenues and to control operating expenses.


    
    
    
Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies




in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among
others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly
from our estimates.




subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations are subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in
which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.




purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2017
or January 31
 2016.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally
insured limits.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts


management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable
net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    
    
January 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
443
623
    
    
    
252
752
    





Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    
    



 the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
&rsquo;s short-term financial
instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds. In the event
the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering
 all costs are expensed.
Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 were $0 and $678
099
 respectively.




Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 were $144
013 and $107
632
 respectively.




as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.




all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales
price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.




 sales discounts
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    
    
January 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
18
498
142
    
    
    
13
138
214
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
449
350
    
    
    
534
767
    

    
    
    
18
048
792
    
    
    
12
603
447
    





&rsquo;s products. Costs include product development
freight
 packaging
 and print production costs.




advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 were $1
582
048 and $2
096
026
 respectively.


    
    
    



in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in

Based Payments to Non-Employees


payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2017 and 2016
share-based compensation amounted to $598
200 and $487
316
 respectively. Of the $598
200 and $487
316 recorded for the years ended
January 31
 2017 and 2016
 $0 and $241
769 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as a reduction in additional
paid in capital.


 2017 and 2016
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    
    
January 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method
to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise
data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.


Company&rsquo;s stock options was determined by the historical volatilities for industry peers and used an average of those volatilities.
Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.




amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs
260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders
shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends
accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that
amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation
of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from
common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


    
    
    

through 260-10-45-45-23
 diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint
of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting
entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of Paragraphs 260-10-45-35
through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include
non-vested stock granted to employees
 stock purchase contracts
 and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260&ndash;10&ndash;55&ndash;23).
Anti-dilutive contracts
 such as purchased put options and purchased call options
 shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the
treasury stock method: (a.) exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued
 (b.) the proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase
common stock at the average market price during the period. (See Paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5)
 and (c.)
the incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased)
shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.


stock equivalents at January 31
 2017:



    
    
    
3
466
667
    

Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $0.68-$2.50
    
    
7
311
770
    

Common stock options
 exercise price of $0.39-$2.97
    
    
881
404
    

    
    
    
11
659
841
    



stock equivalents at January 31
 2016:



    
    
    
3
466
667
    

Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50
    
    
4
964
734
    

Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97
    
    
496
404
    

    
    
    
8
927
805
    



the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive.
A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.




ASC No. 740
&rdquo;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary
differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from
the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date
of enactment.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2013.




to conform to current period presentation.


    
    
    



 the FASB issued a comprehensive
new revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The standard&rsquo;s
core principle (issued as ASU 2014-09 by the FASB)
 is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable
consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.
The new guidance must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption
or a modified retrospective approach. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 which defers the effective date of ASU
2014-09 by one year
 and would allow entities the option to early adopt the new revenue standard as of the original effective
date. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The
standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has evaluated the standard
and does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15


provides guidance on management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
 management will
be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&rsquo;s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are
effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company has elected to adopt the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 had no
material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03

the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent
with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this
ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously
issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented
should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity is required
to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature of and
reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description of the prior-period information that has been
retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e.
 debt issuance cost asset and
the debt liability). The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 during the year ended January 31
 2017.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11

which modifies existing requirements regarding measuring inventory at the lower of cost or market. Under current inventory standards
the market value requires consideration of replacement cost
 net realizable value and net realizable value less an approximately
normal profit margin. The new guidance replaces market with net realizable value defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. This eliminates the need to determine
and consider replacement cost or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The
standard is required to be adopted for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that
annual period
 which is our fiscal year 2018. The amendment is to be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months or
more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease
term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature
&rsquo;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim
and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective
approach. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and
disclosures.


    
    
    


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
(topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
&rdquo; (topic 606). In March
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08

Revenue Gross verses Net)&rdquo; 
on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide
clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping
&rsquo;s promise to grant a license provides a customer
&rsquo;s
intellectual property. The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the
principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption
&rsquo;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which we
intend to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&ldquo;
 which
narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash consideration
 presentation of sales tax and
transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (&ldquo;ASU
2016-15&rdquo;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The new standard will
require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply
 in which case it would be required to apply the
amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact
of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

 
that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory
until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18

of Cash Flows (Topic 230)&rdquo;
 requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the total cash
 cash equivalents
and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted. The provisions of this
guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance for all periods presented.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


    
    
    


issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.




 2017
and 2016 are as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    
    
January 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
1
193
473
    
    
    
1
112
522
    

    
    
    
17
942
    
    
    
17
942
    

    
    
    
825
198
    
    
    
429
282
    

    
    
    
2
036
613
    
    
    
1
559
746
    

    
    
    
861
105
    
    
    
512
291
    

    
    
    
1
175
508
    
    
    
1
047
455
    



the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016 amounted to $348
814 and $285
516
 respectively.

Note 4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
LLC


in Meatball Obsession
&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032.
This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost
plus the Company


 2011 the investment was written
down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.


MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2017 and 2016
&rsquo;s ownership interest
in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively.






 2010
 the Company entered into
a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &ldquo;Manufacturer&rdquo;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer is co-owned
by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with the Manufacturer to determine if the Manufacturer
. Based on this analysis
 the Company
has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity but the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the variable
interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. In addition
 based on the analysis the Company determined that the
CEO and President of the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity and bears the risk of loss. Under the
terms of the agreement
&rsquo;s
recipes
 formulas
&rsquo;s products
&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions
and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.
Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
&rsquo;s
products and the Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. In
September 2016
 the agreement was amended and restated to extend the agreement until August 2
 2021. The amended agreement contains
a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period
either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date. The term of this Agreement
shall expire on the later of the expiration date or a date which is three (3) years following a Change of Control. For purposes
of the agreement
 a Change of Control shall occur when a third party who is not currently a shareholder of the Company acquires
control of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the voting shares of the Company.


    
    
    

specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense for packaging
and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in ordinary packaging
or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping materials and
to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the product
 other
than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred in repackaging.
Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company. The Company agreed with the Manufacturer
at the end of the last fiscal year that Company would purchase a minimum of $963
000 of product each month and that any amount
below that sum would be a charge of 12% of that shortfall each month. In return
 the Manufacturer obligated itself to offer the
Company competitive prices and would not co-pack for other suppliers and would either maintain or lower its payable to the Company
each quarter. In addition
 the Manufacturer agreed to rebate the Company any overage of gross margin above 12% each month.


&rsquo;s facility. The equipment is capitalized and depreciated
by the Company over the estimated useful life.


 2017 and
2016
 the Company purchased inventory of $12
456
034 and $8
381
441
 respectively
 from the Manufacturer.


 2017 and
2016
 the Manufacturer incurred expenses of $42
000 and $24
000
 respectively
 on behalf of the Company for shared administrative
expenses and salary expenses.


 2017 and 2016
 the amount due
from the Manufacturer is $2
079
708 and $2
248
781 respectively.

Meatball Obsession
 LLC


of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;).


 2017 and 2016
the Company generated approximately $76
342 and $67
120 in revenues from MO
 respectively.


 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had a receivable of $8
189 and $6
512 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
 Inc.


of WWS
 Inc.


 2017 and 2016
the Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales
 respectively.




 2016
 the
Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest at a rate
of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the notes were extended until February
2018. As of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $117
656 and $125
000
 respectively.




 2015
 the Company entered into
a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of $358
832
bearing interest at a rate of 10% and maturing in October 2017. The Company is required to prepay the note 10% of the net proceeds
received upon the closing of a capital raise
 except for
&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer. The Company paid $248
373 toward the outstanding balance
 a portion of which is 10% of the net proceeds
from the final closing of the private placement in November 2015. As of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the outstanding balance on the
note was $0 and $239
459
 respectively.


    
    
    

 the Company entered into a
promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of $116
003
bearing interest at a rate of 6% and maturing in October 2016. In November 2016
 the note was fully repaid by the Company. As of
January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the outstanding balance on the note was $0 and $97
116
 respectively.


 2017 and 2016
 the aggregate
outstanding balance on the notes was $0 and $336
575
 respectively.




 2014
 the Company entered into
a Loan and Security Agreement (&ldquo;Loan and Security Agreement&rdquo;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&ldquo;EGC&rdquo;)
which contains a line of credit. As of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 the outstanding balance on the line of credit was $1
363
145
and $933
001
 respectively
 net of debt discount of $0 and $26
620
 respectively. In September 2016
 the agreement was amended
and the total facility increased to an aggregate principal amount of up to $3
200
000. The facility consists of the following:



    
    
    
    
2
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
350
000
    

    
    
    
    
700
000
    




aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined
in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Inventory Revolving
Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) in an amount up to 50% of finished goods
and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.


highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made
against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the
highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility
is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year period. The Company is required to pay an
annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the
total facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns
are secured by all of the assets of the Company.


 the Company
adopted ASU 2015-03

Issuance Costs
 $26
620 of unamortized debt issuance costs
 specifically attributable
&rsquo;s debt issuances
 were reclassified from other assets
 as previously reported
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of January 31
 2016
 to line of credit
 net. The unamortized debt issuance costs are now presented
as a direct deduction from each debt liability
 consistent with the presentation of the corresponding debt discount
 where applicable.


earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective
interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of
operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and $26
620 as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


 2017 and 2016 the outstanding
balance on the line of credit was $1
363
145 and $959
621
 respectively. Due to the terms of the agreement regarding a subjective
acceleration clause and a lockbox arrangement
 the line of credit is shown as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheets.


 2014
 the Company also entered
into a 5 year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&ldquo;EGC Note&rdquo;) with EGC. In September 2016
 the ECG Note was increased
to $700
000 with an extended maturity date of September 30
 2021. The amended EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of
$11
667. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all
of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $653
332 and $440
000 as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.


    
    
    

 in connection with the Loan and
Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 entered into a Guarantee Agreement
with EGC
 personally guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.




 2014
 the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;)
whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The
Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck
Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
&rsquo;s restricted common stock.
In April 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck.
&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the
30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32 and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.


extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares
granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the
debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included
as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of operations.


 2015
 the note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension
 the Company was required to
purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
 a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment
fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition
 the extension reduced accrued
interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
&rsquo;s
review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company
wrote-off the existing debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining debt
issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. The loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the statement of operations is
comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and
the amendment fee of $170
500.


 the note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to September 30
 2017 and also removed the convertible feature of the note. The principal amount of
the note was increased to $2
898
523
 which is inclusive of accrued interest payable through October 31
 2016. In addition
 the
Company paid an origination fee of $50
000 on October 31
 2016 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over
the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method.


 2017
 the Company amended the
agreement with Manatuck whereby the Company would have the option to extend the maturity date of the note to May 1
 2018. On
March 10
 2017
 the Company notified Manatuck Hill that it
is the Company&rsquo;s intent to exercise the option not later than July 31
 2017. 



    
    
The Company agrees to pay Manatuck principal payments in the amount of $100
000 per month commencing on February 28
 2017 and continuing on the last day of each succeeding month
 subject to additional terms as defined in the agreement ;

    
    
    

    
    
Upon exercise of the Option
 the Company will pay to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account of the note as of March 31
 2017
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through March 31
 2017 which can be included in the outstanding principal balance of the note;

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    


    
150
000


 2018
200
000



094
and $0 as of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


and interest and net of debt discount at January 31
 2017 was $2
700
725. The outstanding principal balance as of January 31
 2016
was $2
540
000.





For the Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
2
703
149
    

    
    
    
1
806
479
    

    
    
    
140
004
    

    
    
    
140
004
    

    
    
    
93
316
    

    
    
    
4
882
952
    





 2017
 the
Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 28% and 13% of gross sales. During the year ended January
31
 2016
 the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 16%
 14%
 13% and 10% of gross sales.


 2017
 these two customers
represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. As of January 31
 2016
 these four
customers represented approximately 18%
 7%
 9% and 30% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively




 2017 and 2016
&rsquo;s purchases
 respectively.



(A) Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
Transactions


 2015
 the Company amended its articles
of incorporation to establish the designation
 powers
 rights
 privileges
 preferences and restrictions of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;). The Company authorized 120
000 shares of Series A Preferred with each share
of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to $100
 as adjusted for stock dividends
 combinations
splits and certain other events. The Company analyzed the conversion feature for potential derivative classification. On May 28
2015
 the Company amended its articles of incorporation to establish the designation
 powers
 rights
 privileges
 preferences and
restrictions of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;). The Company authorized 120
000 shares
of Series A Preferred with each share of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to $100 (&ldquo;Stated
Value&rdquo;)
 as adjusted for stock dividends
 combinations
 splits and certain other events. The Company analyzed the conversion
feature for potential derivative classification. Despite the ratchet features included in the conversion option
 the Company concluded
that equity treatment was warranted since the feature was clearly and closely related to the host contract. The holders of the
Series Preferred A will be entitled to (a) dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 (b) a liquidation preference equal to $0.675 per
Series A Preferred share
 (c) the option to convert the Series A Preferred shares to a number of shares of common stock calculated
by dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 and (d) warrants to purchase a number of common shares calculated by dividing the Stated
Value by $0.675 exercisable for a period of five years at a price of $1.00 per share. There is also an automatic conversion based
on the occurrence of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of January 31
 2017
 all accrued dividends had
been paid in Company common stock. Additionally
 in April 2016 the Company granted an aggregate of an additional 2
510
001 Warrants
to investors in a prior offering. These Warrants are for a term of five (5) years at an exercise price of $1.50 per share.


    
    
    

 six directors of the Company
entered into convertible note agreements with a maturity date of July 22
 2016 for total proceeds to the Company of $650
000. In
June 2015
 the notes were converted into Series A Preferred. Additional proceeds of $560
000 were received pursuant to closings
that occurred in June
 August and September. In connection with the closings
 the Company also granted warrants to purchase 1
481
481
and 179
259 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share to shareholders and the placement agent
 respectively. The warrants granted
to the placement agent have a grant date fair value of $84
547 which is treated as a direct cost of the Financing and has been
recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 the Company completed
the final closing of a private placement with 11 accredited investors and issued an aggregate of 10
200 shares of Series A Preferred
and warrants to purchase 1
511
112 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $1
020
000. Stock issuance
costs of $132
600 were paid to placement agents yielding net proceeds of $887
400. Of these issuance costs
 approximately $86
000
were pursuant to the promissory note agreement as discussed in Note 6.


 during January 2016
the Company settled an outstanding payable with one of its vendors by issuing a promissory note in the principal amount of $116
003
and 1
&rsquo;s Series A Preferred and warrants to purchase 162
963 shares of common
stock.






 2014
 the Company issued a
convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo; as discussed in Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck
Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
&rsquo;s restricted common stock.
In April 2015 the maturity date of the note was extended until May 2016. Upon execution of the extension
 the Company granted
Manatuck 30
&rsquo;s restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of
$39
600.


 2016
 the
Company issued 8
540 shares of its common stock for a cashless conversion of 22
666 warrants.


 2016
 the
Company issued 421
600 shares of its common stock to employees for services rendered a value of $242
487.


 2017
 the
Company issued 509
894 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears
totaling $271
914.


 2017
 the
Company issued 793
307 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $470
500.


 2017
 the Company granted 75
000
shares of restricted stock to an employee pursuant to an amended employee agreement. The shares shall fully vest upon a change
of control of the Company as defined in the agreement.




 upon amendment of the
Manatuck Debenture on October 29
 2015
 the Company repurchased the 230
000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149
500
which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance sheets.


    
    
    



option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Average &nbsp;Exercise Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2015
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2015
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
385
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2017
    
    
881
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2017
    
    
799
404
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
881
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
799
404
    
    
    
    
    



 2017 and 2016
 the total intrinsic
value of options outstanding and exercisable was $73
070 and $0
 respectively.




warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2015
    
    
1
027
401
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2015
    
    
1
027
401
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
797
035
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(22
666
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2016
    
    
4
801
770
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2016
    
    
4
801
770
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
510
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &ndash; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
311
770
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &ndash; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
311
770
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
7
311
770
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
311
770
    
    
    
    



 2017 and 2016
 the total intrinsic
value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $0 and $0
 respectively.


 2017
 when computing
fair value of the warrants granted
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



&rsquo;s stock options was determined by the historical
volatilities of the Company. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods. The grant
date fair value of the warrants issued during the year ended January 31
 2017 was $1
062
233.



Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse
effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial
manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product
by Licensee
&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation
and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each
December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year&rdquo;.


    
    
    

 2009
(the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended as provided
herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th
and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement Year
Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum
Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement
and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)
years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee
that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until terminated by Licensee.


the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60) days
following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights are
in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement.



    
    
Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.



is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
 multiplied by Company&rsquo;s &ldquo;Net
Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated
third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or
granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon
claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &ldquo;Credits&rdquo;); (c) freight
 postage
shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when
included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance
with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of
$20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


 the
Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    
Royalty 
to be Paid with
 Respect to Such
 Agreement Year
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6th and 7
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



157 and $271
880
of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative
expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.


    
    
    



 2015


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;) effective April 1
 2015
&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination
of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000
or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of
$5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the
immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.


pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver
to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the
&rsquo;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such
closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate
at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of
exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated
by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


 2016
 the
Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10
000. In connection with the Initial Closing
 the Company agreed to pay
an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157
300. The Company also granted warrants to purchase 179
259 shares of
common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $84
547 which is treated as a direct cost of the
Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 no payments
were made to Spartan.




 the Company began a lease
agreement for office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease is for a 51 month term expiring on March 31
 2019 with annual payments
of $18
847.


operating lease as of January 31
 2017 are as follows:



For the Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
18
847
    

    
    
    
18
847
    

    
    
    
3
142
    

    
    
    
40
836
    





of the following:



    
    
January 31
 2017
    
    
January 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(105
137
    
    
    
(1
196
589
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(106
002
    
    
    
(209
051
    

    
    
    
211
139
    
    
    
1
405
640
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $12.9M and $12.6M at January 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 available to offset taxable
income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there
be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis
of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.
The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $12.9M and $12.6M at January 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
available to offset future taxable income through 2035.


assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods
in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31
2017 and 2016
 the change in the valuation allowance was $211
139 and $1
405
640.


&rsquo;s financial
statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo;
A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized
tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position
that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.


 interest costs related to the
unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo;
in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General and administrative.&rdquo;


recorded during the years ended January 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. As of January 31
 2017 and 2016
 no liability for unrecognized
tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits
in the next year.

&rsquo;s
deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
    

 2017
    
    
    

 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
456
947
    
    
    
5
244
577
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
456
947
    
    
    
5
244
577
    

    
    
    
(5
371
693
    
    
    
(5
160
554
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
85
254
    
    
    
84
023
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(85
254
    
    
    
(84
023
    

    
    
    
(85
254
    
    
    
(84
023
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
    

 2017
    
    
    

 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Note 12 &ndash; Subsequent
Events

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
the Company has identified no reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.


    
    














     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2017 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based on my knowledge
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based on my knowledge
    the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
    report;

    
    
    

    
    
The registrant&rsquo;s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
    13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
    
I have
    disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date: March 23
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Lewis Ochs
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2017 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




    
    
I have disclosed
    based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
    audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and 

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date: March 23
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date: March 23
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date: March 23
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 (+ 9
# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WZBBB@ I-







J!QV-=@/AEX

M\JF\8VZKMZ?


MI.



]K
MZ58DNHM0B+2V
:N[9:24#Y

M9USXTN8]/-AIBM%RY+32%I W7@@\8-5[:;1YL,KK/=6U_ ZSQOXOETW98V$
M\\5^C#[HX*^IR.?:N6A^)'BR @--'*./OP _RKE9YYIYO/EEDDFX)D=LDFHS
M(^  [=N_IS25[;GL0P-*$+2BGYGH-K\6]:B;%QIL,Q]4W(:WK/XS6/F/4+&


NECZ3TOX@^'M6*

&K@X%44YUF4_]
%'ZFKPZ51B

MGT_6DY]/UIW.:1C@9/:@-1I8*/F.WZFA75ONL&_&O*_B5XNUS0[VT@TY-@G5
MF5V&02

M'M6C%K#S7

O  ]*ZZ:]W4\+&O]\[%?3Y3-91LWW@,-]1UJV:H:8?EG7& )6_F
M:OU9S9HI:* &R?ZIOH:JZ<?^);;G_8%6I/]4W^Z:K:;_P @VW_W!1T \-^


M.Q'0#BL/4]VE:KAU&GNOS.R\)V0TO2?$45W:Q?V@ED\VZ:(

M5SOAK0QK_P!L#R.)_L[&V 7B24 M@GMP#4UOXWN5O-8N[JQAN9]6C\F8L[*%



W
M2K\UUM=!+H(7PFNK(7









MS@?*0/SKY]66)CN:V1C_ 'CUI[2)MW+$JX]#S^%92J-'9'*8/J?0^KV^DZW;

\:[M/2QU%2711Y4O]




U=[523_
M )#

M'\Z +MK_ 

M
K_KMR\$_051;16U+7=91TV.9'%H2.&(/] #6=)ITL#F4ZQ 'S@NLN3QP/R%



@^EI*459R
M&?IOW[G_ *Z-_.ML_3?OW/_ %T;^=7\T +129HH ;)_JF_W35?3?^0;;_[@
MJQ)_JF_W35?3?^0;;_[@H M5R\NO7,%Y+')L $P  
-F[!Y!SN]B!745E:M

!N


LEE$NVV%TK-YDN#M( POIDY_0UDV7CC3IIM
ADL+FUCU/_ (]9)$7:

D;R.&\KS!@+O&/?Y1SUJ









\.V1VC;:
M2H!!./K66/%MJL.@SG3)6&KRJL3C;^[9^Y[_ )5U(AB!)$:'/)X'---OJ$E&
EH 2LW7O^0/-^'\Z


00:Z
MNXEUJ2XW)AFU=H^;..M
N+?4C%:+!)*)5A4
3GKWS4N.A8BO'[1QO_F+




MZOTBEHH 9)_JF_W35?3?\ D&V_^X*L2?ZIO]TU7TW_ )!EO_N@U6#XQ(
%5
@%3^-



U

R_\ 7!?YFKG:@ HHHH *.M%% !THS110 5FZ]_R!YOP_G6E6;KW_



MC!QP
]

MYL_A6AXLLM4N6N]
BLV9%M55)%16\UAGJ3R
4*3ZE3IPYO=.@\1W=S#KNARV



MO[5XGX@\7ZCXF




M:9HY\EHFC


MNXXD=0?Q%8_B?7KW7+A[5950#E(UZ*/4GUK-MT\]28LDHNUF(Z@=Q7!7QDI.




/;.:]AU*\^S[G*[MN%7#A<9'7GK7ITY<


MKQQCMN.
U#'?V

M* &R?ZIO]TU5TW_D'6_^X*M2?ZIOH:J:=_R#[?\ W!28'COC$:3+XZU7^VWV


M&*A*;4ETZ%/2/^$9_LJW&I9%[YOSD!B#'N'7'\6
XQZU=ED\')-MC@5HS=
M^Z4






MWK3NT9HF



IW

MA_$30=6G2WN8OL5TQQMD'RD^S5W Z CI7=&:GK%W/$G3G3=IJQ5C&-8EYS^Y
M7^9J[VJDG_(8E_ZX+_
U=[59 4444 %%%% !WI:3O2T )6;KW_()F_#^8K2K

=??P_X3^TPA3/( B!O4BO#])NI8[V437*QPW1Q/.3EL
M'J1[UZ;\3+*YU:UTNPMIDCX
CM)G'  [?6O/1X#U S+$;J ;D9]V3MP*YJDM




M#40;4%I 
[AQBNXU;Q.+WP\D2Y^T


M+B1(X';*CG-

M8@TKW88;H@AV@'WZ5?L=2V+Y@
C1* )$=-I/H3UKAY;JX^VW%J;JU:Z#8SN
MEZCKD^E:NC7'FS(SQR

M'3@





M:&V$7+7C)]RA;10Q6R+=-@G'F
.K''OVKG=12)79E5C'G@DUN/:V-W8A4NI=

M)4L2ITTHEQ//;Y7(P5.
U=MH9(X. JG #8'4^M92%9KJ)=[@AMS$C@#VK;E9


MU;WU1\PTXNS%HHHH **** BC%&* LS7VVZ1
?I_






MX


MAZ@UJRQ:FD$0B5520 8STK.$#P7#7I)5(3L=E/!/M7)&]K(^IIU(^SBY
MZE
M9V$
CGSF5MWW1VK
:[1)-F20/6JSZ@MU-)


M/)$2

;AGBTG59WEMY_E29F)8$]/U
Y7?A=Y+F68274A




M^6_T/\J\(UA[:POH[NU6
W;2
&0#[WKD5PXR5N5'NY([3G\BKHY/]A2_+R)A
MG_QZKZ)&44K)(I_B 0&JNGR*NFRN\*;6G!*]A][BK0FMQD_9XL'H



B$ 1G&[/=JYV1[6W

)@Y)&#GWJ]IND7.LJ@#;+93\T@.2?I6[CR*
M\M#ZB


MRLPP


8*L&2
=2.E7O+69?


\


7_&D+10.@

\-1



M$.
 #O\ 6O)=TW8G-4GB7?L9\-MJ=DK10%YHVPS52!VILRZK-+&ZP);B*)

MD$LTO3YAG%7U60V=V-K(_EX]ZOW5]


Z$F62W4<MW/TK50Y5=GUD9RG%0CJ


M4&D[G5-.$4F4UF*VT
9+!3R2*6

M$&M?
QYT]!9)1-.V
8/3%;



8MK5+@JJ!V\L
XZ]




?&K.FVC@KB^GED6:9 A7A<]QZ5<BDUC4X
MUAM+.X


=Q6]9W7

T_WA^@



?2K5PUQ
WE(^% P5]:*KE.R/LZ%&-'WWU1K1W/
MVNWD2W@!0GAR?O\ UKGIO




-=?UKC_AJT3^

M;@&PP'!!ZU0GL=41#97UE#?62K\OF'#*?]DFNFOM6CTL1&8OME8KD=L MG\@




M'&M174\@?Q%;:[.=*\5V)M+T_)%?)'L8-[^G]:Q#$?#FJ2V]TZ._\
A_C7U%

MOZV*=:6]SRS27.N:DJR32W0';@]_[N



]:ZI?AKXREOS*VG




R/)M/

M6:V.JV\B7

MD17#-&$P
G XKKQTK


M(]UY]M+&?+/0@Y%
2WN7@63[6PR.!YP%=IXSPVGV?F
%3:1D_A7&Q)8JVUKL



MGGT 9Y HR


















S#F9


3!AA@


'DR2!HI&SD ^OTH3BGL*65





3)6=D%%%%
M

0&/2C[;;A<+81



:;J+:]#GR
M;I]LN!]QL=:\VSTR2/6OJW4]
MM7L);.\B$D



[
MI&:'U6)I&+WR2-@R$

MD-MJ
@HL%G_*8<+7[LL\)N



MV<F/QJC#
MDBS8A0)&$'J, 5)2*..E+74?/[BT444 )1110 8I,4M% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1BBB@ Q1110 4444 %%%% T444 %%%% !2&EHH 8
MW0\9J*6*.=#'+&LBL.0PR*G-)C!S0).QPVL?##P]JGSQ6JVLN3\T? _*N7?X
M(
RT8%'LXA]=K]SQL_!1<$Z\V/00 _UK

M 6-0*M \4N **I(P=VQ12T@I: BBB@!**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH





MQ?\ ?RC_ (7=JO\ T!XO^_E'M8A]0K]CW'-&:\._X7;JG_0(A_[[H_X7;JG_
M $(?^^Z/:Q#ZA7['N.:,UX=_P +MU3_ *!$/_?='_[-4_Z!$/_ 'W1[6(?

B


TF\8)]*X71



M6EV


3ZG DH.&1R5(_
C?<YQ)_[:[)+)%C3%C50#GEN_OZ4K#PD8.)5\WSBP&&




8_*KZ_!_1Y$XO[DYZE2*M

)=CJ)D .







MJA8?@*;9QB*RAC!R @&:+S_CRN/^N;?R-/@_X]X_]T?RH DK+US5X]%TFXOI





MKF/18]4./LSRF+_:4XSDCL#S^5;$N@VL_A*+5;%I3=Q$?;+=VR$5B0K#VR/U
MK*2;V#$0H54E/TOV9W@U..)%D6X50LI7[/\ :@






2/RZ5TVF?%KQ!I[ 7(


MVR7#_*PR&Q@#CKR*T6YR36&FM4CO8_C?=;@9-)4IGYML^2!_WS7KFCZI'JVE


2&%%4G(50#]:DSW) %
D;=





M+;^H_45D[]CV(5\+*5[ZG.7.MVU_!IWVF*3[3:0/!)


MYBSV22%QC;

M_P ZFTOQ'_9
T#VL3N!:O;RQRXVR9)8'VP2/RK*BU6(0F(V%J5WEP2.F3G'X


M 'Z42ZK;RQ21)IEL@?IMR
'&


M%&
CH
9JM=S1WLNVUT\0@



3DM=74]T3S^]8FM[^Q;:Q\!W




M&.;(

@ZX8'^=-PNCEE&C+2QZU/&%ERN-A


O=-T





@R#V'S_P#Q


'AS4O#4DT[7$$!GCO


?S%




MK1/#6ZU@:5&O[H2.$


M'*YP?I7MS*23DY)&*SK_ 

MOXSO[BQNK:XMK:9+J99921_$

J1\JS9SC\!6O.F=M.M0ZHY^S\07]O





8(D0;5(_B]OPJ]<Z?=W*[7O<+Z!




'@?2ED\/
M:1-!;P2:? T5N


':P'R\^N*L




M[_\ ?5/ P
4U;L0VWNQU5M1_Y!US_N'^56:K:C_R#KG_ '#_ IB+-%%% !1
M11WH *!Q2]J2@ %+2EH 0\USWBH?Z)#_OC^==#6!XH_X]8?]\?S%3/X1QW.

M$$6JP.-SLJ9[ U8MK^WNF*1.'(&3CL*HW
6CV



!GZ4JZ7:+








*[\N





<1']P@#I
M72:CI
S2X58C*]P<2O)\Q?V-%D=$:D+&/8ZOJXM
MFOY8_/T]86E9@%!4C/ ]:ETG4]7OVM+Q$

M6XDB(*^3(WR#/48].:2ST&WLIV
V1FE;
M3HSJ OQ))YH78!G@@E5;2.6U^C\1^&) 1]DA+3C_IICI^AK1.H/:6VF:=

]HJ-''/(99-G!)/6FW&@6=QIL5D3
!$V4F
M5L2)[ TKFGM8D$^HWUOI-O%=2K;7LKE%=UR7QTP!Q6++?:CJ/AE9II%69;Q8
MBPXYW#'UZUOW6A6UY#:PS3W3/:MNCE#_ #_0FC_A'++^SY;




-/&UP;V31-$D*NH_TF[&2(E[]/YUQ&F^'
M[_QD\5AIKW4Q+)/?2RCRRV[*LK?3J*YB&^Q<N\T\K)

M^W^%9VL_$^PUW3);&]T9'CD!ZR'*GL1QP:;J0M:Y4LHQ&T8N_J=;X&\:RZI

C.

MZOXNTG2(@[SB8CD)0QKDK[XGW)F6&G*$QDO





M0]ZN

\0V\DVG3EUB(5PP(*FM?-?._PYUZ32?&
M$$#71BLKIO+E#?=8X.W/I7T.IR


MSXRBCO4NK:A'IME-=2#(7@#.



''SR*.?]TU


L[4L07/.


MF
32E)F'/1B


MYH;H^@]PSBL74-05';=N:

=I]RAD61E0[70Y#@]#7%C[-',KG#2MM
M B:: ;\]LX[UU4%O]GL;B/YF$5N$;.!M)))7CCC(JC,ZBBB@ HHHH ****



M
_LK6V0 6-P5SQE*ZD37?EL(_%0
9^\K1C.1R

M408!(J6M&6I75DD[%BSU*TM8;4SR.LQQ\N
UW-AJ]O);L[' 4?+QUKA]-LHF
-B*;4G

+%&(8HF$(_NC'7\:Y<3448V[E^QE.G.:VBC#N+9S*MS;.J7*+C+

M4W-[LS;2V%MF1V#RR8

M'-13/+)KUY#:P0C[-DR

P;^X@OB&MHT0(N-V3R?J


MQ*VTLJ[MWL!WQ^E4E&R4MCZWZURU$DM3+GFDDRI8?-R26Y -
AV/(L8ER1\P

MS:4N3W4RNUR99T61B%9AG/:KB;8G9G#%#]W)J&6
W6QPR[\$@)3[HQK#%C=O




SK;JIX]STK-OO$FFVUJUI:J9



4 )7/^*AFTA ZEQ_



MX/!NN6L;QVEK%

MSACC0?-W8=ZQJU(VT
GBJLY*T[$TS+&;FWBB.Y&*EO[Q]*Y:]
D4C9@^;/2N

M9Y#%D?-FLYHX[8

M0MRR03P


DBPN2.OEMC\J\
MDNGGM=0MK:<%]ZM(L@/!&.GUKS<:VIQ.JG*V&JKNC'MRB']ZB..X)(_E5A'M
MR!\L*C=G+.W/Z56M[EX!E)F1VQ5V/[1<P;B)6CYZ
HZ?A7*CQ(O0:3 
8$7


MWEJ&DPBNI.?KTHE3BY)GQ]52C4=SZ6HH[T5ZIH%%%% !2YI** %HI!2T )7%








.



9;

MU




.;

M$24JCFM#RZ^CLM(U0Z7/H]W=WT1P8W&T9]0!U%;ED_B.-5-IX?L+-6Z;U 85
MZ=:66IZY8I]MTUOM


7




MQBWL/G';!%9U?@9MAY*-6




MXJ\-9


IO)I8



4)9=1RPY_WC7SK?ZCHLT216.E&TE5CB1Y20:^A

M22






PQ.*I.
MFE91'#*
4K\M:)M)\(=3AC98=:M%W]28GJ











O

M8ZD;:Z
)4(62
YXKT;0M9&E6QT[6=\]C*@06\WWU/3(S791V6L0V\3V%@EH.


$%JLH)YDE&




M?LRN_FB5Y#.-SD=


MKVV*U@C@A0)&B[551P!7;AZ7VV?

_P7=W':N?'Q7T3#!;2^QU)\H?XTA^*VAA0?L]\.







^
MQIX\

M




M\9W7W'BW_LO$O3,'_?^C_A6?B8\DP?]_PO::.:/JU


M\2^L'_?ZO::.:/JU

8W
MVLG4)D-J5E1&5EP!@D8(KZ69!M(_G7G_B[X;6FN%[K3+&]_PCO6
Z=]C
MT
'C/9Z2V/+;Z^N9K$0C3GB4*%R .:B2ZE-JD*64AV 9) J/5]!\0Z-(\5Y;


?TJ

E@=NQ0=H[#/K5FXOVGD+K8RK
 !T&*


M



/U#%**2E%
+6%HHHI ?_9
end







begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 = ?P# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^GS]I+PS\
Q1V_ !*1[EP&ZX4$<\'%<MX#\2^-?[3



HK5-:=4U^9O_ &Z]\K/VR?\ \9^OY8SV]/Y54_M34/^?RX_
M\9_\*Q_M+^5U'3ID=
]


Y/8=



_B?\08O%]W/$GCSM
MX_\ 4I!K5Y$I_!W4#_@6/J:^BM1^
NC-:S0*ZF5ONH)5R?S''3C)KYX\6LGB
M&:YOQ9W



MEQX/O)W\3^(IIX[?RX9+K7+IV+^G#DCKC)P#7YA:WXO_ &A[CXLZ[$OQ-^(

M^%W[


\G.!OT3@$'O\ VCCCK^ KYD\03/=?





M^O\ Z]5E:^9MBR.6]

#X4\5CVW:0?Y7A


M]IXS_GXOO7^8?5X]U_X$CW7_ (*5_P#!26Z_X)Y+\%_+^#(^+D7Q:/Q%7]Y\
M2&^'I\




MBWUI/^?&#]INZA^A:[?]FPV_P!06'MTKQFS_P#P#4]0N%M+3_@G#)/.PW!


M&_:\
@M.O


MH@RZG:=LD0*-QM=LC.;\&?%-AXSFUOX4^*I[:/\ M*TVV$MS(I=G_NQ-DKN_

M4U4_\!;YE]W8_JUN_P#@\I:U57_X=S

M

^_'\(KGY/^#R*9+;[0O\
MP3J+#9YF&_:X



M6EW=6I;\9




N;\-S^V_3?\

M=_\ !V*OQG\26I_8+70Y_#UW:P3(W[4OVQ[NRN_M/V6_3/[-T(-]DN 8V)


61?VRE!*8^]G_ (9?W#Z$YK^7










AS^!_P *ZK2+6.9UC/*M


M49[?-_*L^XU2$:7)!JMS#YLW^K7S%.X^S*64?1B
US4_A#Q-8:QY\]J9#ZE-



Y\Q6,#9V#OAER.O0@'V'2O;/OB&*;0&\+ZO


Z*







VT-D^F
M

G@_3(_NJO/HN/SSU_
MS[5?_P$?L/)\G8OKYFWG_'],5NCGIS16[KR6Z:]4U_[:(Y)?^GQ]/-D]
E
M?USCZ=_UJM
M






M+N
9W]/E//UR./QQZ^]
AT=_L1?R_D6V\LMN0KN_N@[OF[\KQ[]JZC2=*9$B







MEMXZ\6^

/!

MX8NKFW\*7]I]HG

ME8Z_I!=KS3K[^T+.ZM&&V




R1O=$1I,]5Q4=]\+OC9X#L(;/6-\;:(

M(O4R21B


IM9_P#52;K:

2M]H%_P'[M9[+_D()(5P7X1C



M(OY?M+*C1F.7(!PK $?7'XXZ^36R&6)P6:N=:53^&W.*4_\#O[W;2Y]#6S
M# 4L56'CF5-3^'*5*K&


LP5PLD'B:U





IUG0[74Y?.+& 7%D8
M/M(C
1
L3Q&XB^4A6?+;-WE2[/G30/@98Z.4OGNI]0FC@\LRW^H74T=M%D?N

M_P#X?HV?,W@KX=K;6276HVD2R?=1U5Y
XSRB


C]]?
MVY#06_7E2 $?W\IGX[U\DZSH^N2W
NI-?&634O\ C[

M\^M?YG%[H^I0OMF9I2






9'X@5J?%+7;7TU.F_M4[F7S/F3[PVMQ^.W!_#-)_:H]O^^36 SK'-
M
94W_=W C/7VX_'%12W-M&
MQ!&$^\7EC7'YMS^&:#M6&4MM?1W_(V_MTW


HK.O?V@O!V
MT-#.S@_9B-@C)/VS/V8!0-PWYYX^3_EILK2<95HR7++#_QXRT=#_KZFTZ?_







M&JG0

L\2\-6ER5J#A/^6:Y9?^ NS/
M6S_P
H\/8JC/)

MS+_O*

#)Z93^OR]??\J_-C]F;]M[PK\?/ %IXGU/0

/^LV3W1BM6VCO%






M!U3_ 

8+
]P?AMX
C*.R9
X!3XSRS!RBU[






Q\S=_#_ 'N=GOEONX_'GOS6

A)M\[/K%O'OVK]!?B;^Q==75G+J/PT@TW2[V#_6?


M\BXCAQYKQA6

2+0[53(;57N)

RE#* 40?







M&%/^6[IQ7OX3B_B/(Y?7JN/=7+O^@)5+R_\ !?-?\#\CS#A'PRXWXRXAX5RC

;)O#.-@5/[[[]H
MC48ZR;1BO/-9M(+ZWWB

O/)&WOZ


MXQT'Y@X/^1WK^FLNS;!9QE4
QP7LWI_#J4Y1E?^46XR^39_%O$7F/X6S






MBK2X@B^&?[27P@^*%HLD43?\+(L-3\
WBRSY\J/1+Q=(\96PD;/W#
&7JP'%








MB\M!J%OI3VJ7$4



+;1O&_@O6[H_ZV&YE6Q@AX'$5MXJM=)N)C
M[P12_P A6ZQD:[M4G&#[2:3^Z1W8S#4%'GP6
QL(?S1Y^7[T['^AQ\._A?\
MLNZCXBT/QE\'S\
/%FNZ))]HTJ7X7?&'X9)H:2\_?_X1'Q9K^LY_WK4#^L_[








M8O
MOQ1U'QYJ-PG]YK7_ (2'QGX0B^DVA1GOBOVO+L_X+J1YL1PYEU&/\U2G2IK[

MET?QG80 X]/[:NK
KZ?-C\*_7[4O$O[:O@Z2&VO-?\3P%/O6&LV/@VZN1TXV

M)#(IY4@?SV2?MI?$C2A%_P )-\(?#MW=R_ZYK+QKJ&@7:=0=UEK_ (3T_3TX
MSUD!SSU%?U;?\$+_ !N_QX_9+^(OBS^P-1\'-I?[1?BOP^^FW6JZ+JD]P?\

OX?PF8Y9BG3K5
M


M;!EB 




D_@#7%ZU.)8)
MHMP

M[N)I5S[_ #$8^AQ3Q
[?ZQU?V+2GZ=C_ #_K68\4D9VNN#Z;E/\ (FD:8H 6









MQ&7:4_0)GV[5]\^%+6SG\%6?C#2)]3.LG6A?Z9J)EGO6L#I7
%LBR?O(U'8E

X7XIRC^S:&#A'-?\ H)44W_X$

YKO9&7_NR2)(O\2BO7I?^Q_A'P]XCNY];\(RCPK;W$5JNJ0R.NJ

7]G%O_MV3/YGQ?A)Q7E_\6C1
MK_X:;E^43]_=.U*\VK'YSRNW2-3ODX]4&6'_  )1VQT%=1:WTLT&XDF3T)^G



?QMA/\ :&*^WP&*PF.H_6(QC/#_
M //^+4J7_@Q-Q_$_*\UP-3*JGLL12J8:K_S[KPE1G_X#-1?X'5R6L=SMWE
O
MR
G'3@G'?'I5*Y\

&/@3;:,\)%N8Y4/S 1@X^K+E3SR<$_RK^@K]I.VMS\//A?:
M&U0QQ0+;P*X5A#&-(T4$J.1V' R20?P^(-2TR@@DN(H8#Y7WSA 5[@'.
_A







M]=^V:&56^TW1;W4H+76&1CQJ6B1V;EY(Q_'+MPG\97O^2WC;_@J1K?@[Q-\3



M2

M

[]K;]OEOC)\8;2_G\
:YXY


!B:T
/5


MOH[X1Z+K5KX)\9W6GZQIUS''I']EMI+W







M^5XRHJ5'_K];6G_V_8^POV3+B]^%OQ9\


M8?CRR^*_;O [.Y5








M(D3 %4


9FN;TLZK93@ZC_=X#$U'AJD[?R4JO)*6W2+^\_FV_:Z_:OU[_ (*$


M[ELK;POXJFU'[3JMDCV?V/4HI?M'V:V:6/\ ;O\ X(Z?$N;]GSP/^U3\!?&?

M3]*N8)3IDK0/(D\1DV_W[!/_!*FZ^$/B+PW\5O OQXT3]J7Q)I?BK0?VIZ
MQXIMM#\:IXE_L]K2'Q#X4TZWA#)IUE=$7UOHDOE6KR_ZD2';C\:?V(M9\0?
MLX_'3X@?#_Q-?2Z%=KI&K:3JUG%%:2VVLWVCVYO89)OMTV'Q;#5IQ,[+]WL
D7R-<G;

MU:6^UC5)6TK2] MO^0=IFC6UQJRZ3 \A[M
OE_\ +397KOP


M7YK7^D+F/#F#]MCLEIXK$?\ /J-'GJ?^ *
I?@?TSQ=]$#AG$RAFN49O*AA:



9]%G'+!?6
'C





MZWH/P_\ 'K276?N+:ZG%K5P./XS$$_VJ\DU8^$?&WQ.^)?BKX@?!?P7XHET3



M&-2

M5^U/[3'[+G[





M)--'T_=1


?Y4HMO#$KA)[]MV)D4*\
8


G@#^
MQ-(_ \6L_3/^KR?O+N^==1U62=M@@V1^H=!^F[./IC]:]:_:]O)8?VB?BO@X


57IT(?^!5
M917XGJX3+




]MX

M[2\(HEM+K/A&]L?M'V7[2=7NW


M\





_ 7]K

M


U[+Y<QW\.<4936PWUS#
MJC1P'_0YPC4_P#!3:E_Y(?-^L:[IOBZ[AEUC328;-KP\/Z7]KDEGCM8/\
M6;I(RZ*%/:1U9OX0:UQX-\

M
S8RH:O -7\2II=]'=V*A+F*Z$B22N$B6(_\MG
A58X.!_I#E8?]L5]
_LW?

-O?3V]]= =DL[6=FXV
MJ17MXC 0C'F^N4

M_L%_ 71KC3[/]H;XI:QK-SX;\36^JWI\':1;W6F7_P .[D_NM&

L_LX?L4Z/\(Y--\+^)OB7#<6'C6\N+S7=3GMDN]<




MN7 4[2_E@ES?^ J[.7*H8[



MTVPA\2:#8WMM93


AY(X18?-/^@NI34%_X&TOS/Z]+&[:Y

M4 Q!C-_J\*X4_
1U(PO\6VNBAOU\K[X_7CU[ 8^O2OZ#P^):7
](_P ST7W[
U='MJ7_/VG_X''_,YN2?\LON9]?M!:;<:SX'^&HM6SY<:2
1

M6UQY@M(3)=

MHK-AB




M[6



M@KS!



1
M#3=





M?9_Q(U8\CI[_ !J27+\[7/ZX=?L++0M











MZG+IVCRZAKPEMDU=[7S]7$$NZ-''_+YH40)V$^H&X'C SFOSV\$?$!M6@E\-



M20OB*



M2;Y$!C!G^_!YB$
?3M

3$Q[@%8?Q 8 R6Q7]?
M++Z;VE!^E2B_RK
_STK4JN&_WBE5H?\ 7ZE5I_\ I=)'RM^U_P# KX2_%K5/

MM0E^S0RL)MOXD_MI_P#!3WX8_#SP9JOP0^!^I7'A6WU%KS1+[XJ^%M%M++PM
MX7^PVLUY=6NC+HS6
-YXC2VMY9$U'472RN$C@N99)8DD^EO^Z7[0.M?#'2

MY 5& _C]^


MTHQAF^8PE3@TH24%6JPA!I:-VC&R5[)_WO\ 1N^CK1XNX&P7B9F598W.E7KT


M7.^/?[YIWQ=U+2X(_!FB^#K?3O G@G3V6RO ^H:R=7L=#TS^U9-/TB]OXM
M

M6N/LL-NER;G^RAJ7\5S9


N&
M:.78*EDF.S/%97'-K_7%@)RI^QU_Y?*+CR)K9SMO?5:&4







MJ_@+X=ZVNE:%\1O%NN^&)Y=








N



*GT?.*?#C_;*S9YADG\F'G*M1Z_:@Y0_X
M)_FL?%7]M+]HCQAHGC3X<_%73?#NDZK?W:-XGDN?!\GA[Q5:7.EW5CJ5]93

M:=JNJZ5IVG_#']J.PT.XN-!^)_@[1++3['Q;JEIS;:;XLT:%(M/NX-3Q^\U)


L:_H

7LN_9Y?R<C@C^63^=?37[9TK1?M)_%UH2(=WB<1#
M<0<O_8FC\%<D@?Z+,0Q 79S\R;OB'Q?X[T3P;:-JFOZE::;IRQ^;]KNV98I



T5EXAM?M
!6]LM0.J&[M]1_=

MY-+348YO]5?:R8+O4DD\0$_Q@DC^+&:Y

+C\1A


@\.K_R$?+8IN)WJ#UKY?\ &W[5?QO\
M6:F_B[Q+\2#JNH:KH$/A'5]+ACGLTN-$L-3^T64FKZ?:Z9IND7MP8?G#6DL[

M_:6BQF^FNM#\)M#_ 
3))(HH(9)/D1FFPA_-/4=:%^L$$









UW+

M?0_J7).&






J=&O

W:/WO0TS.#KT_:X?!5Z5+_ )^NC4C#UYN51_$\A\'^

MVMH!%X@TI;:Y'DO'&]_H_24L$0%KW^.3[H_C9:X\^+7T40P6#RSW2C]Q'$S/

ME6AW52


M_P!VM^3QA)&C(LQWJ!N7#C'XD =^


JO_/1&:%OX7)XK]$_AI^WCXMN[B32_']M:&*;_







MI'




MI&H_:?-BNX7T\26\]A]FT\(]PD9;?^Z+[)-GSQXX^(=OI7CB7P7?3V%CH^JI

;%\G +[D_Y:!






M_P##$:]2_9T_X)S?LV_LUK!X@T/P?I&L_$5C-=:S\2M?A-[XBU34+_/VRWTU

KG


++.^\
M2OX9O_#TVF7UG+%=P3PNEV;G3IO]5
BR
2Y;_GCS..-T:U\ME67XB699KFF
MG[3$5/X=-MNI/_!%^]+Y)G]BY+C\NR.CDW#.54/]M25\;22E_5\\4XZ[[]?
M0],@UV'0?#UA);6_A_4/#MUID_A;6+\MI-5TZYT?4?];I
 N$9IK/3_ .!H


M3_$JVBIX@D\-RZA=:GJQ;SL76OW4L&HWFKL/L\N\3II#QX3S OG1;^1\/VNL









KP?#];K#
Z_$. EUV6(Q--[]KK:SM9O



MRW2Z'J6;UD%M!]E N9X?.MQ+_&#^SSI;1?$_4O%7CG3)[IK33K^ZT]]?UR32
MI;KQ1

JCJ&K^N.
M+. N-
XX@SK








#7_ !'-_JKN40P--HENW_/2..W7^*0=*^?P&18
M#@[&-8_'XG$-I6]^3DM;W5I73T:M=73:?1'?F688+C7#8#


M

9*
OKBJ-P5TVDYI\J


T'[NCDZH







4JX

0O:'0O
!M-:T5-3N)
I




MZ0L4GF(6&[[K(5)R:_D%7X7:QI$-@-/\=364
5JD

LUF[]+G1T


MB'[OYJ_E8_;WT']JBRUZ\M/%G[/?Q;'AC2I/+T2WTOPMK-[H%I!@_--?Z7!=

 HQ%=

ME&.E.$
;B


M[35_#6BW8NHNORR2RV =,-M]*^#?'?_  3;_P"9'C*6:2'X!^'_=P_P!U


\1];PV.PM.?95Z:?_I7Z'Z'@?%/%


M^_[OEN)
^@^4L1^('-?T8:W_ 
$!KF]F\R#]KK17?_I_^'-Q'^MGXKDX_P ]






CL]-\2SO
MI^J0:H+F75]UWIJJ52'#F($RMRJQEOEKU#Q'_P $U=!U+28+;4/CQH]QJD]L

RK8_-


M\['RF=^(OAU2C]9H8C





M)



M#MM?7\]FQ[)=ZK;);GW


]+\.6

/




MX)X=QE#!1E
MP55EQ8N*


O$GB;0?C$
MUCX?\5_#VYN;.[

*JE
KS*UN=-OKG_D(SS_81
M+):P1DG
4XB
G_+-7K]%-#T34OAY:0:KX$OWFEUF?S]7LM4UI8]
OH/)%SYL



M[
^S?9KV2UDE-M+YV$Q.(Y?XMFWYJ_5

Z7_ (
BYK\#]/\ 3OVK)GE7



G9%:I#\Z7+



T33=
M2NKB\AMH-3CTH





M'_T-\%FM18/_ 



M3NOVGOA+\.['4X/!WPZT[7O$^K22SZ=]E@N_$:Z2T/\ K;K[7XJFOM1MK9?^

!_B!;^)_C)H/C'PE\
M-[PRW.J:Q!XDTW4]5UZZ3_D%76JZ^\T\MC:2_P#3TT0_P#+;RNVCXA\)^.O
M@]!?:;X6\:RZ;H/BSP+_ &Q8P:EK
%S'K6H?Z3^Z@N=)N[N'3[C-MI^(;Z2T

M%%8QM-G N)&2&+_EM)'7PLGP*L='U+Q19Z)/K$=K97/_ !

^ XA^C=

%B/ WC;7O'7['O

^(OPVT_P^]YJ.K^(_#^K#7_#&JJ8






MS^W;^PGJ
'B_2]9\=?#W0+;^RKZ'QAX'\3ZU9:)-(\'VA;*T6TO9='O)TA/F



OK8Q\15(?XZ+K8F4;?WHK9]#]\?CG_P










M
\'U3Q'3


MXK**$%Q)QWE]=8?

?#OP

M;Y-+N[&*UGTU+M?*B\J/


M?](?@'C+*\KH5Y5
Y0E#7I*&JMJFG?\PRKAS!827+@

Z?G[9:ZGI&KC44T2X@.=\5N%8_PAN<?1
M\O[7GQKMM)U&Z\:GX$^(;;3+/5+_ ,W7/A/X4N[B;]Q]HWSPI;6/F+Y)WY*G
M^Z/F^6ED/'$F!S2CFV4\28;%9-B*/UG#T<RQE-0KX?_ )_T74J.-2C_ -/(

M2M=72=5\)^.$N_$-Q]H1KI?%EIJYO=+TFT\

MG39(4D'E[B@5E9OY ?V)?CE\3?C5X^TCX:^.?B
=&^'VC_#_ .-G[2-UX?\


'*GK:I%-QNDS\VOVO/C?INE?
3#XX02.N592-#\/\$\;L=]F1Z<<GY6T
M/Q+J#R.2YA3UD-LO\ Z'(/\_0U^;YQXE8W*^*



70Y4[.3K
MN_LK7=1_!=GZ%W'CQ)?)



/BQ
(_XJB7YLRAP9&I_#
B7_D('UQM3OVZ\?D,
M]\]*^(/^%FF7]Z[-MZ_?<_AM4YZ?_6QS5:;XFV7FY#9_P!TNW3GLO7Z<?6N




#_ . P_P#D3[!F\=R^9N\_CN?


N



MZUS]YXSM#$TRW[
4QEECC=#C/W77*/UXV%J^HH8B4/C3A_B3C^9\%C8X:C_%




4)#CC


\

M-E:'T6X:)O\ 9YKY!_X3_P '^!=:O=


L7I:_:K$+J?7_
M )?CG\ZTO&GPC\1_$75M-U6QNGT:
6?_ !



MU5M-\036MP/MNCZU:_;(#9VRM!YG[Q4*R;?J+X9CP5X(_X)=?L4-\1;*P\0
MZ+X-_8^_9UM-6@U*\:U&K0P_7P!I?F1BTWO-$;MD5719(V219@WD_O*Q/#7



MZ8\'B7XFZ/I^I);2K(-&-CIMQ';0\2



ND:G8?;[^PE=0

?%=C;:LVN
+;[:$UYN8S;8VOS_8%N?[$#8C\WS.!\??K
M]E;X)_?Q_JO@KX9CQ#\-OB!J'V\/I[SVLOA/5#-JGVB+^R;&6673 T(W9L
MDPNC$





7<?F0E/FKZ9^?[%G[2/QU



MGB*/_/R*YZ?_ ($KQ_$_EW_9RTW6O!D
%EK/A-;+7?.O-76]\161U-8;FS_X


MXE_#KQ+X;C\8:!=^#M3DT?739:W_ 
A4ZM!I=EJ-_+KVF=U6V+M_RQ5SBNN?





90DT
KZ






M2CF48QJP_Q4ZJYH_\ ;R1Z'+^T?\+?]Y?Z-\;


M\:1:I?8U6UGUJXL7ELO^?EV%K?I!:C_GO




M[_X)IVER;R.RU;_AL$375L;E$MWTYOV6HX))4CC8RQD7\PBD*%')!C9BR@_Q

S@I2E+E6_+'5\KU2<79O[_ /GYXURS
H9_F6
P


'+7[!HOB2_TK

(=:7X<?VU'AO[1KESKKG7Q'IVOZSJ6([?[4(FM

M#/B/5M36'2K/5)1]^STJ^FN;8C-S'#G-?L_-J.@?%DWWB7P?XO\ %&AZKI&E

U#3)?$/C'QCJ^\_VQ\0-$C$O








M4MX'0A9'COY[N#39)45HHHY2]P\42.O@Y]F&+X;SVAEV/J^SPV*C?5:UX4









M;35?M


M;AM.N;;4)I=.O-


M0:%JEVVC^ ?BQ9W&D6^J:'KFK1?;O^$1\6)8[=/ET_6I?[-O/^$RN)H8H]6\
MI/LDEQY]OYOXT?&?XI?$N/P!XJBEU3PC/:KHMUH3%-&UJ#4MM[9?V=;3K/)X
MA2-FEN_W/RNS1_ZR0+$/


Z2Q\[4


P\MCN5-
L[BZ[@F/[.


M

\1=R 5(N%*LP.:_ST?A]X
MG?X7?$RZU^:?^P/$.D'0-8F=3LMK08Q<DJ&=V]5B5Y/]FO[LO\ @WZ:TG_8


MU?D6\O;M6HVO[2WNW/Z9X+K4O]3N$G[6G:GP;PGSOGC:'U:WUCG=_=]A_P O








MG$D^C7D$B#KCD7&?3H#^=?.GBC0OB7H

M2O(KCPQ+HR.O@GXA^
+_$UKN\_1];39][$$
F/^_;O^E9-U\0-9W^7


M!TJ7\WUFDH_^!
=R+7Y\_'_X#_!_P'XUUKPMX:_X2


M7'O7VGX7\%? VXU&3[?H7A*WC6W\FP@UW1)H)HY


1ZZV8LKUZO.HZ\\U[WXR^#G[/'@V-


MKC0+G6L6VF201WD:6O9[1]\CZ8/]FR);'\-?09+P_@(QYY5







58-:DU.^$<1TZYCETB


^@RZ?YVFRR1R3#1]0EU9(GD#RO8+!



TJ8Z&

M7YO$.L:Y:3:'_845S#8:I-Y@M6S_ &@MVJ-:AQAI0^5KB_\ @K1^SG\;?V?/

UR=3@\3_V=);7FF
CR@::T49:;
M81(T8B#./YW_ (7?%KXO1_%/PYH/@_\ X6/J?Q5GU#^QO#_B#X=6FL3^*;K4



LS(8 W[_ 
DG(^*/@
?B
M#J_PP^)GQ)@L]-T+X7?%6\N)?#G@^VCM[*\L[+P^-MSXQNI8Y?*FUJ[XWVUN


M

MW[6T6EM3]5\





?J1B^[<K$_RU]C_%NRL[34XKCPQJEQ:O%<RR

MMS]R\:O#K/.(N%




SS7
\1G%/^)B'#$2E#_$^5N/E=K[S\V/AK


MFFQ2Q3]XHB\D7_+=8^




FU2

M)1^\B:2/YZ^1_A-^TS^TQ\6O$6D7D?Q1^*
5CJNM?VA=:IJ/B



M!/\ 8$^$


M&KD684
?G6;_ .^XC'5HN5'_ *_N;O3_ .WVC^GG_@YJ^!GPV^)7CS_@G;\0
M/C1X?U'Q3\&OA%+^T^GBCPOHNH1Z?K&NZOXRN?V:5\'VMO';2_;KG2+:7P[K
M#ZBD-O(JB&
3;/M$)G_F*\7_ +%7[


M'[ WAWQSH6NZYX-^
$W[3.FZS'I#?;-'M#X4?]GB:QN?$/AZ2TFD\4QJ=:N?
ML\$5U820$3G
@D&W\(-9\1:_\/\ X=^*+K1+46W_  CEEX3L/!_A?QQ=ZE;Z


MS:)-J_W

UDVCW^NR^'3I=[



?V5J&I:[9)-8ZOXE\^YM_(?=IC_9+

?&GBCP9=WSQ[6U&WTW5;^



A^


M%IN/_;R1]YQY@9\/YQAO[.ISI_VW_O/+!KD_Z^6MR_
T_$5]X&M]-L[KQ1\1



M 4_,YT,-3ERU,;C(2_EG*47]S:9\*?M=__]I33;N_^
'Q!M[+XZZ.FF3$7

_$/Q4\
MVVI7FN^1X.TSQ1J.I6OC?2)=

M1[;CRC)&K_T\+X8B\+:-9V.BZ_JE@D
?V=;6:_/D7\?L(VDB(]0S ^E?#/[7

L;$1L#_ 

\


L\RO+

MFR0?:;=].U&

&T6C7OAW]A

S/&V'3S0'4'BOX

MWD\?@'X96:WNM3D;+G5Y[*TL_M5Q\D3(D*A]R.J_6\*\*XSA3BW,J&#SOU


PHXNC5J5IQ47.$/


M]]_P2

MN:Q[CQC:SR);VMU82V3Y\YDMHO[1'3_EL5\ML^H8]Z_M9O/^)?_  3POW$\
M_P (_$/G$#YU^*?Q.4#_ (/%F/\^YJDG_!#W_@G@C!E^%?BB/':'XJ_$V/]



M_7DCK7]YQ_X(=?\ !/5C?##Q=M]/\ A;?Q1Z'MSXM/I527_@A?_P $X#G?



M?Z.W_#AO_@FM_P!$@\4_^';^*/\ \UE17/\ P05_X)IW6=WP@\519_YX?%SX








M!GCO!?B&/XZ_%ZYLVN
$[GMKOQ?
A_ BO=_^'6?[&
_B[1?%5]\.];U3Q#X;






M1
UU8Z]XET;4-AX$!O\ 3M8AN3$#@D;@2..


MEJMEIL'D:8=2^+/Q)N[_ $Y
D8L]2D\2_;(_HTC_ %K*E_X(A?\ !.L+&@^$
?65T4
M?4L*_LI3_@CI^PL=
_LA/ GCA;
2?:+19?B]\3KE]-DXS_9[S^*7\CKW#UBM





NY^1EK+8_![0+I/V9_V/;'3=

^H^(X[FXUF\8\D&W73W'4'@5I?'N;XKZI\)-'TBTT






699+BTZ&;TLV3U7]HU'._755%+3R/I:GC?EL/]
,W*;8FTE4QG'W3I+<^O//I7J8K

P'M*-1I+9NT4W*R49QM=MO



MM[F=UAG3_IK!))#_ -- *_T6[7X&Z!I


M#\8\GU4C)_O#OPGC[]D/X)_%;PY-HOC[P]_PD^C:O;^4;'5[;0[Q[$L
^=8W
0!R#Z
?!KC;+9O&T:^3++HNSP;G!J]D]O916S71H_H7A7Z




M#'






M57NW&*@EZ+333K?\9S/QJRJ.#]OE665












M-J.+8DR!3\S!ONUSVA?\&Z'[*'ACQUK_ 
1K3]I3]MF\U?Q-:PU:PU+Q[\
*]M^;NS\36$JZ=<V@N_X[K4=0MX&SS*:XG]IKP7+XNO?AQXB
M^

7


M
^(]KHV/$.FZ)X:7PG$MGHL_\ PBW]HM9Z

URT\-^$M*%YI

M-/$GCO0OB/\ M+Q^
_%NI0ZYJWB6;QG\

'GL


M^R-:6?E&:TAQYKA-/69DV_W)%5VXV*37WAI__!!#]DK1_&GB#QZWQ7_:;U/5

^^OJN N!L_P'\UE4Q%?
MU8Q]Z334G]RCUO\ UT^0XMXOR3/L+RT(X^D]KN+BMKV^-_/0_+N;Q&\*3 R[
MXW^[G=S_ 






MI'QG]VG_  K4 ?4Y_.L*3_@B5^RL\;Q'XA_M![)I?L[C_A)/A9DK@GK_ 







end







begin 644 image_003.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 (
 7@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^CM14$\T






M]*1A6KJDO
[G7?C%



+M+ZXNO*A+S21N01PH3L/KZ]:='XMV20R?9(RT=O]G)




9V?


@BDYH =12EH #24II* CK11[4 9MQ;P:G=O

MFD]S+_X1O0_^@18_]^%_PH_X1O1/^@18_P#?A?\ M2BE9!RKL9?_.:)_T
M+'_P'7_C_A'-$_Z!%C_ -^%_P *U**.5!9=C+_X1K0_^@18_P#@.O\ A0/#

M;2X%S;)*
_



4\4[7(268!%;[0.1SW Z?+W]JE

AR0-Z\9KV@@




M8KD;SXB^(M28E+Y+1.RH QKF)-&OX=.COW@*6T@W*[GJ.V*I@ANIYZ #UI.Y



\Q.

M:
*?%

4
-O
M!!SUXZ?6K39S5
-0ET/;;3XR:-+%F:.ZA?T
8Q_.MO1_B5HNL:DEE;NZNXXW



KJOXM#Z3N

M$


ME5Y69] ZG\.?#NN:K/J4T]R)KA@S^5
 



,1.R#JHQ@?I62/?@O;1BX=#L_',IN?!G
MAMD!$66(IX(!P/K6;J^D0)X7MKFT\IKFSD
53-:@

M-
%'#]QBIO\ A(=62U6T
V](OECW(

MSE\O[X^7CZU'=Z99V6@W^JZ4(I[2XVYCD&6MV)Y'ZUSLGB/4I$M4DE5TLSBW

.


MVX'DL@'R@=*F&H:IK\MOID\ZXN9E5R% !8GCI3;(=.2L^QWOP:DNFU&[7)^S






T4)_R%9?\ KBO\S10 W5?^

8

XJ
Q1

'^=9L_@/PW-DMID'IPN/Y5FX2.R.;0;]Z)X?%XKD\R26:S

M]*/.M1:QMC+LP) ^E?0\&FVEJH$
H.GR@K/E1C[JC/TJE YYYI.6R/(+7X



MMF:;5'@L9@C)(6/FP(K -\V





MVFY4/BR17$0M&+[ Q_$U9O\ 5[J..TG2%3&ZL9%[@]OPJ75-3TC2;NVANE19
M[EA$@5



B@ I#T-+2'H: *


M%#2/M\YSG!]*R]2T/69]3T^^M8;8E+2SF1Y2 A8## XY''2D9OF3T-F7Q7
MH4$$$TNI0K'/&98B?XU'4CUK/TGQ

]1S=
GDO@9RN








M5&MF

=[&]KN*[E!)R.HQUS7+6?AO7+71?#\/V6SDFTFZ9WC$
MW$RD

MUKP_%I\]M+I^I;\R!22=JY&#FDT#Q29=(N;O6)H49+V2V3RD(W;3P .23U-9


M^6274WMI298Y;??@]/EP.WK7HR:+I@4;;W&QBZ?NAPWJ*)M'M%\ZYL[6*^



'HWITI$U1KS1- :[NC+
+^

7//#+GFO3I=)TVZAC

;




MQC=9%0






_SK'U_6?^OV?EW




ML^Y\0WH9Q_:=RRMZR&C6'M(;:!6?+JV'0GBN7NIDDNH*H
9 )K.///5GIJ
MAAH+1'4Z/XQO/#UUYT
QN$?[R.QZUZSX2\;6GBAIH%017$(#
OKG_P#57@5H

M#Y[R/1AR/;VK/GQ_;%MSV_QKG-/URYM;V..YE5HI'*@%OF!)X&/3%=#(V[5[


'1F (-))
F/)RA^8#CBJLNG^:K&)B% Z#U^M1&:3N=.)I




09I69G.U 3T&!ZXX[U=C
ZV%@^HNPZ- A'Y

LRHH'KDBNFU3_D
M'R?A_.N?\;0?:/ MT@^\(U(^N145%[I46E)
\=E\%ND2&.X=W-JD^T#N2 5_
M#-5QX2

MG;\DK D8/H:Y;


$G=W/XT:]AMI:N9:_X0@A


58PO1EY-<KJ]W]FF5 20/OXZFLQ+AKBX\]7V*AQL/<5S*4Y1LM$=T\-
M2YE4MJ;K



M
H%Q#/(A[*<<
MFNZ@TW2-5F

C1&^T6MM!B;[0F
MX&7CA
D@$8^@KNX=PO+)6!^YW^E4=(\



MYX\0VP@U(W!B_=W)+KGIU/Y&M;7=6EEUR]@N9VD2&XD5 3]P;CQ5K4H8[JUM


MM.MX7GN-52*%!N9WCP /^^J\OO5L(M0GAL5^T0;RL4C J7'KC-=!?^)+G78H






MV6J)9PH3
 H8?*.*ABAAA39&@51U [GUHUL.OB@MY/FEHE 8=N*X:DO::G?
MD\N6NN9E+5(KIE:78I0CYF0_XUGZ-'Y^I^7(H9._P#]:K5P]W)
UJR
JIEC



I*-5)2/=O GC0:M#'

5\_Z'J#6-_:ZJCA'B?#*#]X=_TKW:UO%OKB
MPN5X66




:& ;FQG:




IU*
:


MM+E%

G)9#G%:$^Z*W0(7YW$E.,GK]14*L205^93P0#51E9N1T22A!*
M.IG6\I-BJ*X;=]X =,4]+A'0NRGC[H'8TR_@2V/FH&CCX^A/I4=K*DI2Q[%

M[+N2WD;9@E
=AZ5E+5




*  PVPXQGYJB


MF2DGN6AY4-A(&4[P>*BM06E55'4]ZA>YN9&4$J.IS4BF6PG20L&0\#ZT(F,
MDY6>QMF-8RKGD@XQZ5Z;\.?$=SJ-_'I5P WV>(NCXQQG&*\M^U!E5G4;=N



]!=P&Q]$)XQ6?-#%;-!;-<EG<XE<]-


M] \#G8QZ9'%9N[[$

\CS.E(;66




$



X7C%47ADB7;*F




+9)K;6(KV9[8JT:$<#(YJZ<4IF.*Q3J4G$]O'6EH'
M6BNT\8*.:444 )S12FDH *2EHH%8XZ\\+:#X@L=NI:=%(Q9OWJ?*^=QYR*\Z
MGQ;W**%#QQ)L4










M#&7D9@!Z8S6E9Z!HUC@VVF6L1 QE8AG'UK7ZF[W;
HYI:4;W/)K/2Y[@!8
M]

M:F:U&K0BE^)S

MBNB%*



M:UU3GS[9D^4'T%=3X)\
KX:TVYN'


MK#(OV*9C K84Y]

5


MMMF?=74K79#8
1/[OV%-GN&6=-SC&*D%K')F19


(P ?7
MI2Z+X+U/0M21HKMIXW/S._&!]*RYIR=XG%*RW/);3PA90E4UNYN'O'Y

M??BO1?A?H^E:?XIEDLE=9OLY5@Q[9KT7^S(X6'D)#&6.7D


M% 'E.J?$F/0M5N]+FTJ1Y+:5E+4 ')R#CZ&JG_X+?_ * \W_?X50^+VB&T


?I0VH:5'Q%I*D;XOE:$'Y!GS

P]O4WYOP.N_X6Y;C_F#R?\ ?T4X_%N!2 VBS XS@R@?TKA+
MJYL)+(16VGF.43[BS1_

9^E:

MVMQ [?;$8NT:8*


 ?Y4X?%Z!FVKHLQ;.

MG_W8=I;^Q9]H.?-&!2K\7(7SMT2X;:



X55W



 D D_P[?\:+77+^6\CMYK
M9HUS\[]NA/%4#\0/#GG4QC']PT#Q_X7&
ZF!GH?+-)V[7


M1Q3&\:^#I$/=0LH&U08CQ6;A![Q'[;M(LV%IX:$KR6MS/E@=TKG'YFM+3=


.VUM#$IP-QP?Y5O








M2X MT/N8:+

R)=LTP/3/:FBZN2Z
8$RH[
M0T?;+DD






[67:5-:EO!]PSRZ



$





(99H(%;<(V<

M

C1\?WE!J2B@5B#[);_\^\/_ 'P*/LEO_P ^\/\ WP*GHH&0?9+;_GWA
M_P_8I?LEM_S[P_]\IJ* (/LEO_ 
^\/_? H^R6W_/O#_W[%3T4 0?9+;_G


M**6B@!**6B@!**6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!I//6C\30:3- AV:3FLS6-?T[0;


M37SS'XM\=30K-'?3M&SB

$'+$X _
T^/Q5X\E4LE[.0.OR#UQZ^M'
'UJ/8





MCLJ*:&! (Y![BE'-


MB4
*-''M&
*W!'7ZUZ0
M
GD].E)GG/;J*/;




M&X_X#_
5R)0EN3P.
5RXAZI&]$=GY

MZC&:%.\9' ]ZBFO+*WE
4]_:0R#[R23 -^59U]XFT*P/[W4HG8?P0$2']#5*

8X]ZX^;X@VX:UL)YR.ADD@_AMJC-\1-5!(@TVP0#^^
MK
?T857LWU-XX.M+9'J&BQ@W+





:^/^N']36M'21%7X3L:
M**
5W'******  4M(*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **






MPPZ







MN?*,N3$;HWI;
 =IXR
TZ$JDF67?'GYE(ZBF

.
MF5YS7

+
64NV#SV(.*RKWP#K]ERMH+E
9+0NK'



MAMX2\



:+Y$
 C[%(U/'UQ3]HC%Y@DFHH\



MS@]:???0DN-.ED%KMDF)-A.3UQBF_V9J$NTR3H4#;E7LORE?\ Z]6[6_6[


M*ZGU75[!ED$



D9-
M(;C);&I$C)B'DA0I/K@5H: ,:]C_IC_ %-4%/F[9,D9 P*T-!_Y#PXY\G^I
MK6E\1QU-F=C0*2BNXY0I1110 EI!2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


3NCHHE:[@:YM988VVM(I4GT%8Q\/3?V%;6$=T%DM75HI2
8A=7G. 1^OK6$8M[#
MGBXT=+FBN@W!AU%)+P


R4

M%:THY%D0/&VY6P5/:I'16&& /M4'5[5R
SP]8G3M)2-LEW9G))YQD[1_WSBI
M9]
VD\GEPSJ[XSMY_K2YDQWJI;&7I
M6A/:0VD-S<BYALCN@4*!@^I^GXU#;^'+B[AN7OQ(89FD0%.2#MX)QG^&NB'

MN/\ @/\ 

!6'XBN
\3^%ET:SFN+29+[

M#;B4LQ.6)X Y]






#YNQR
@
M?K6CH'&NX_Z8?U-9=A+)J=A(_E;)89 K8 8MP.0#T.#BM3P^K#70
0]&ZC
MDUJJ7))-$.?-$[*BBBN@Q$HI:*  4M)2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!C^)1_Q(I_\ @/\ 
5Y+X_21;6UN
M8OO12$\_0UZSXF!.A7 'M_


OT9P)-AR




[\LQT
34O%6L12:R1'LB;+'.!GI

C@BMF^TM4Q(;HID!OF&36;A%;GM[Z114

M9;&3GUJZ)TG^9SM

MB-%)N0D\G(Z?I7%RWB12EDRRGG;GK0;V%SB



M0XVCM74^'=0-CJ

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S?CF(



M5Q_*FK*N_+J^

ML#R2P/\ 2O/=6UR27-L_S&-CQV')KT)Q*;F-VAVJO4B
J/UKRB_TBY.H
UJY

$9D?;AI
X(X P!TK&I.4G:.Q]10H


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!
MC^)+=+K1)X)!E'P&'XBN UK0]-T8(]I$\;.Q!W



R?F:SU9E&

MFU_/\OSY=V
Y\U?YTF8
'-RF1WV'G]*9



YM4GFD

L6(^\*Q[*5=+N)8


M

ZZF+Y)*Q-/






MJP16T85?(Y..3R:Z
/3E%ZHYJ\HR=TSHJ**6NTYP%%%%  *6D%+0 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &7K@)TJ4C
ML1_





^+;<30QV*2!R<,L\?(_%JCL/AIXN19;*)&)SS



XD'EQB-G

MEAA?W?W3CN2.E4TUC6)8DQ8*SN201D!1[Y[UJQ6-M =T5O&K8ZA1G\ZL8(&
M




M#-QBY


^I[\4\:QXGQ
6UM\1




M#%.F 1D/CO\ [WK1S
2G*^YK?VYXF029UEEV-T)Z\XXX]ZLC4_$[ XUU\ \Y



MNYKIB @!X'XYXHNV-3DW9&Z^L^+3=6]O!J\TTLS[%53W]3QTKW/0K&73](MX
M+B0RW.P&:0G)9SR:Y7P%X(.@VZWVILLVI2#C+%A$OH

MA:***9N%%)2B@ %+2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M03M?;AO\*]HP*

M?X5[-@48%'*@^JTNQXS_ 

#5K?_ 

M HP*.5!]5I=CQD_!O53_ 



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W66_@AD*.

;Q27

M']IP_P!U_P A_C6=MHVT:@:']J0_W)/R'^-']JP?W)/R'^-9VP4A2C4#5348
QK!5I=3:5&/0]J?Q79(I)AN,#_ &5_QK#;XJZ




+'.2-HKQI54JC5NI]G2P
MSJ86*[I?D<PTDH?,9.*UK'[5-&;)3O5*Y@






S@

4!\'!H)

#R:Z/XE?\ )0=8_PNJ_\ HUR


M_I6)+&DJX8#ZUT.M)O
'.

M*L&' )+  =ZYS4]7D64I9R((D_UDI[_2LJU:%)7D;4:
JKM$OW%_:P2^226E
M[*JD\_Y-9&M:CJNGEY(=/+0^7N5L9Y!^;/3&!TK()N$M9KJ[O_*DE(\A8)
[
MB#GYOR[U+_PDMP[S)?7K?.O[M%C'/'0@\C/'3UKC^LN2UT.JKA(QDH1=_/\
MR-O2I7^S[KJ)I;N1 [

I4@@9SZU
86
M ))  KI5FKF#33L5&BVHSG.U1DXK+U'4EL[%KFW0W*69.54#U/XCBKNJZ@

*=\+K(H.



E<YK%W:Z=:3




MU7);Z5S*I:HE;0Z
5AW6BX[M=/
@TSQ!J.GNQW )
?WF5^8_[7UKH]!

]T9


8!R-PYQG ZC/6K6H:E-JQN4MG=1&C*5! R.Y'O

TR

MMYDQO@



MOIH[R6V=%
YJ3[28?]&@C<'5L#=T]3_ K.2CL=E*@H^_'J7+B]

EU;/IT-K' J3*


2;7KN4J








M



M ]*PW?

@;_NJ5LU\]HDL4;%$)+<'!QC%=SX1\3W7*6=Q
S0






M2XD9?
V:07=Y HMW;]


!'(
 M&
M
9^M='H.K27C;WF87

7E@LLL*G/6N:4+IFJR!+6
M(
ZA]L1.W!]!VHJRBE9;HUC*-6&UCW#PQ
UQX=M)6().[D=\

M&15*@[^#_OM17MT&W2BWV1\S65JDDN[




MO6E!



YMFE4'8&QGMTKKQ?


SVB=U994'KQU%=DVGV+EWG!D9_O;G//Y5$D=C:7'^CV42'O(%&?SZU


1JN
M0WOUS].*XK0-?BGUZSCL]IGEF55+ ]_7VKUBW


MB.=U:SOM0V7$
+

I6V!QTRZCCWYKMTU2TC!0!

S:P+B-



MS6_B2]61W6KB+4KB 
O:N3ZTN9QD=WU27*I1[%B[^&NCR,9-/U[M'[

']N#H5DP]XQ5*@D]&:?7HN-G%W/
M$Y-!!C\N2?\ ?!0WE)]X9[\UBBZ:8Q10M(1QP

!Q
M,BI?/T]6W+IEH&]?*7/\JVBFNMSE==O5Q=SPK2M'U*\=DCLI%ZY.
&MRW\


H]*N:E5TDV[&<(-R=HW+=QK.I

U-J8AM
MK=5DNVE+] QP/\\UDIQ@[1W.6IB8\W(UH6]1UFUN)FDL\_;7C
?FX. /IZU@
20<*I)Y_^O2V]KKDRAO[&NLGD;EQ_.IA2G)742')7:YOQ-]++3D7B*+
MY!QG^=5Y&LOM#1;(\ =0O!JO;:)XCGEVS6T5LF,[GE!_EFM-?A^4W.HY ^]


E:$FV@FD&/O 8'YUSTWB*<R


8/YYK)O
M'U.(?OM-$R^MO*K?HVW^M2T6I$+ZY)&/WC1G_@%59=:M9F#21V[$# W19K)U
M75+6 ?Z7!/;?]=(6 _

1^CBD_M1.TBG\11R1?0T4

X^@Q7$?VANZ$
M?G4;W3$=:2A%;)&;BGJSN&UO18Y/

UY

^5
M;2''3+ 5YA/J


*@ KJ#IN#\J_I4\6F'!XJ7)L=DCV#X;






H/O]Q\[/8QY.8UJN^G1]HAGVKZ.;X

MFJ?]_8__ (BD/P6\.'_E]U7'IYL?_P 16BH5E_PYD\30?_#'B]IXHN+?3%LI








S8.K1?_#'B4MM9#EK%T]C'5<I9ISY+
M*3_TSKW;_A3'A\?\Q+6?^_Z?_$4C?!;0&'_(4UH?2XC_ /C='LV0ZE(\E\@


$K



end







begin 644 image_005.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

RA7S'FB$.3/Y\'DH%)#[Y3
M($RA4[UC


O9K=:#*MP5B_GR^/7_  4C

MJJ1KI;

MR^


%
MU!K.A6XET^6\Z;P1^PMX(U;4=2?Q#\9[30]&@U'PKKELWBK1]\ZMKGPW\1

MB=M;;_E]Y]Y3\
.%
#&*Q^;XC&3BDYN
733NF[6@EHKV:OO&Z9_25XB_X.Q?
M@Y]POAK]DCXE7QABFEMQXI^(/@O0II&$;-!!-%IUGXA6RN9G01O$)+HKN5E
M9]K*?/I?^#LO2X9YHY?V++^/R))UFMY/C=H\=SY,,I02PK)\-EBD$D924.9D
MMH@X2XN828FE_FN\8?L_?!WX;_#K3_$5_P#%?P7XP^)WA;XGZYJ^L?FS^(5



M%Z]XX7ZYET_^?6


M:
\4BK]+17R2^4%4


MNF:A'X*^..E6/B^WN-+GLX=6@.G7Z7-CXK\EM)NTN(=4TS4]1C
AMH;A&=8\

9GX55:


MQ7\R/[&7_!S%^RI\7_L'A;]J+P_J'[-7CJX6TGBR9]2\7?34KH2_94N;KQ


M[+

M


=S6[G:8 R@IN W 5^R/_  4I
M\

#

M_./SCCGCFGPE7R^FUS?6(SE4BU%N=F^5*^J22Z;]=CZK(.'O[9PN
JS]K35*

4?!NG275E)J$M[


MB.2


)3;:O&ID^88FHD[/6K






4/NE.S1Q8MW&F?#72K-ES9X8E<,R1/NV
M9YP8QC&[!YSG\*Y?^(Y\4]<+1D];RAA7AH?*CB8JMRLO?7O-.4;P:9\U'@#







M74)=1;1KRZEM[*\L)$$5]IZ/&'
#R[HVMIQ%
T$P
CQW&X@?T)PS'CW&Y#B\







-[6:7=W^5K'U/\ !S_@Z_X)F_'&^L-&\&?\+W@\1ZA
MM#X7U_P+X.

MA;PN[B





)LF22'5S\KHS!A&E<L^/.)Z=5IX.$J=HM/DIV=XQ;



(8JC['$82I3
MCHDE%5*?

JP64PPT\%4E5A54VY2FY-\LXJUFER[M*RL[

MS*?


Y]
WZ_\ UJ<K!L\8QCOGU]A0!YM\
M5[K7]+\!^

7.)TBCCC
L:
MAI22)




V\\8N=3FOT
M



M\/V;Q)\2M4:]CTZ/3C=ZG]KC\)Z+=7B0VUJJO9O=P2XN0_V82QO+_=39:?:6
M=NEI:6]M;6T2A(K:&!5MXXP


_P 1
M=9=EV#PE*7-[-5

M$\L\AE1AX8^&^A:1;F*6[@O;E(QJFMZJD9EN(O

\DC-=6\O[D)TTG_



HT^

O#:16






MC:
9



MQGJ^K6/B+Q=\
_#




MQ2U!KVTD\ VDOAV66.YNKG5-62&Y6]O)#$'TWPYI.J0W6D:0TJQ0Q6T7E/*\
M4
(;45

54JQBE[2R4:DHVMUTB[MIIWNF]+_VG+'YE4C/
.-


RZ9


OH


?$FD0KX)O-1N=
\

-


G&










HS2
G3QV!QV$A&HH2


M[AF+%@3MX!^GOV)OA%_POK]K7]GGX3S:3/K6F^+OBSX/M=?L($



M*[3LDY6BK)']=FL_!3PC\4/MA?Z]X-TW7+.YTVTCE9+:,2P;(MDBD01I=0D
M2*ZEH;J+S3'\X(10OYI?'O\ X)&? ;XFB\OM#TQ/#VM_O/LMY:23Z7J=F\_E
MEO[/U:UN8-1@.85\TW%Q=9Q'L6(!S+^O'PRUC4O4D=DS3FS5MDMK=Q2V[-$

4Z<9O6.ON\W+\M^W\77CW_ ()[_MR?LZW
NH_!



S(/X7602H^!D!F3

M_6MAU

UII6M3^'[C7I5@%UIMEJ
M$.E^



;E;R8PMK



CZAI;+97
WEH-5\.33:28


MEFG\(^*[F.\TN*8

MPI+?WFV\C'3Y3GD^V*8964$F



MUM)I4

KR[



_M


*W



\8: VH[;:YQ+8ZII
M4:23:KIM@J*+CZKX[XUR6'E=QBI;I_%%/6UUN_ZU/SKB+AW-N&
1]5S.E0
M]K&4%*MA)RJX::G&-2+ISE=MJ$E&5]%44DMD?JRK;L\8Q3JJ1S
696C5& )

H?;D9\M
MGP2





MZ?B#\?/A#_PJ/]HCP?X]\&?&/X3:?%IK^(?'/A?6O#EEX^\
V
;)::Y:76L:



M+;7EM8FL(!&X

=_\26@LG6_;4I)YH[5


\PT:



M

MI(DH!9E)BD*2!2/F*E0R[BU95
?-*K63M




O!4RW;67@[P9)=75G%;M#/!:1G7-4M;8

$SS1M;S/
MQE_=?:I%RV[;
.AV:XC$8,RD?O9I64?/(S7$LI




M_L
KN[\E[Z*VG4^NSGQ4S?C_ FAA<RPE##U






MP;/&


5&
3^J_P#7

M+0?&'P_T_3[Z&YG%O_PF=K9V5A%&7U*^L!::H-.UK2YK4ZDEO96-[ID@U%TN






MJ

U*;4K[3+V\F\J:&:X@^R




ML[S&O5KNG&C@*&-Q5&A@9PA&G?V=2A/VG*JTE4BTW4=T?2OBW4OBK^S_'IO
MBW3?&]O\.OB%IMAH-CX2\,Z/XH\+2_%+4O%U%)8S:IIFN^&OM;\(:18V^F
M6'V:RO-:\%KJ\%W'(AU5;.9-*]K\'_\ !6K]N+0M7\,:BOQQ\:ZK8^':XM]



M](TW2;O7M(M-1BMKJ:.VL]-U5=-EAC@N;F?[4DZ_OUX'\8^%OB+X4\
M@?:UL9[*$;P:A*O*I57.XJJHRERVDH*48Q@?Z6DLOAW6I;B!YM-U[
MT^WC:\M(IK#[5IBRH&ABFMFDANH%N;B2.&VF9)DE



MEZ1XST73=0O]3\

MX/HT\7[2IFV6SY(^TC125/W(QFY3BG-?OW*
6WI=*2U5OT'35+ZP&[4H5D6/



21U+<\@$_-$7C;P7J<3@WP@1XY5=

MF?\ )?=;3\ HHHI@5YIC%LVQE]V?XE4*!C).2

MO?:19?$#3/$G

4B15B6C_BA_:K^/_PQ-\+?VT/C

?#VE7
L

MMX=4O](?QWJFH7]I&TQNTO\ 64N[6RN&VG[8^F7P):9'N?.
%NH]*T;7O#/B


$S


M?M?163:=)IBJB)%'


M?L):7H?_  4;_:L\8I\







-6^&?C32WCD9LQ[KJ-1F(2







JX

M2!GGDJ.F21QD#!)Q1YIS@1L2-H8@$*022&D$:N@P/FC+$\Y53@'^%;4?V]
MO^EO@]XI/W_!0?QSJ-]%+)*FD_%;X%_L]^.O#.K:?!L^U6^JW_ (=^'G@_




J%6+:G1G\4&MDUNKJTET:=



?


M;B2/1+B\FL(T55@GO5



M!''4KWXD?!7XM^(]:AFETV_\;W^D62W




MYU%)? DV];OX$_9P^(O[5?@?XE:W=^$K%M5U=_#?BN_UCPUXY\8:[=P^)=.\
M

M#F.(3#R?






_%M9+



S%@F



2RX#DG87%MIVAB&VQ:QI-OI7B?4/=E



)

MQ%:%2&-P^(6)Y:=6I&#JQ=-12G$7RUIRB]=W^^7_! KP7H_AG]JCXRZ7IF

=K*2(+(I*/M]O+:M:W3RR

^(V$T

M8TZE@X8=M5IQG[.=2G3?M%44M=)*2O;0_K^^ O_!3WX-?%V\\+:-KECJ'@


L]$OKFWT^Z

@.D7.HW




MN5C=-[9_C7_X*^?LR?LZ?&WX=Z5^U==6WBS3?CI\([-M%L[WP!HWAZ:3QAX=

7AQ/%GPO\

MPB6$69PEC)+EI8NGBJ$74E!1Q-.$8PJ-1E%3:LERSO!V6CU/X(Y-=F^$VMZC






I

MO'9V;Z(6

M5;1(KF*YT^\:2?1[';O^T:CJ]A$2,!6[KXE^/\ 55A/]HVJ6NN^'8+S2Y[
M4VQT$1VDEG'96=FD$LDES)9SVW]F7+N\ O9M+FCE(CRC%Y1@J.;T,)EA5H

;E5;-
]:RZG1E76(RZ#




:?*G)VE)







;U_:U*L)RG%




^GZC+87




FV3V<%GEU#=RWES!?0N LGPS\4?

L7UB:XA2UL+R'4[
MZXNK!+5K_P#MJWBO(1]@MI9OD27P]%9:B;;4M9OM0\N$-JJ2M
LEIJHN;I9[




MV\M([I;=Y!%##*9_LL@89VNO[/?\$XO&OC[]B'XR:-^TQX3\33-#H7AVXT;Q







M82KC



M2C3A%-*[LI-KFUM*




5Y=AA'RL )EC+,KA0
MVQL?Q9_M&_\ !9W]O']MKXHZ[\*/^?EKHO[



TA2J
M1K91A*=7WE#&UJT

;J8+
2ZL8;O2M-LK<-&DOI=H)+N2&1Q



KWXAT:V*::ZW4$T5_J65FCZ=J2Z=J427'
MFR75S:VMI%;R1W$X']$/[ WBSX/?'3]?\%^
M-TK4M=\3^(-;\0:WKEUXD.


M$J/)


OP.74XTXPIIT)5'#&KGC!5*KJR;=:51Q]QQ/%/!W_  3=\&^
MM4MCX?\ CC;V?B_PW?V5AJ&L:!HVF7EKI&K7+W$]E?+);:WK]SINL0364Q@M



M?$SPSI.DW'A7Q-:Z9I.HN9[BPMM7C^%&HO#+-


M2_VU?!6IWDKF#PO:0VEK% 'BBF-[J5A$UHMS8W$T91;BVD:-+F6(Q1RF3RE2

M]


M%2M=03]UMQWU21X$?#/CW-L+A


S3*@:*VOO#?@^(ZIX8N%

M#Q'/?/?:CIQUO5M





(-%NGNDT?Q


MQCLV6-Q%ZE'+J&'PV%P2Y(1I484*E.-.4[TX4W.[=JCFM-C]C]=_X+8_\%EG

MOECKQW2O^#I#]N'X;^(8=&^.G[&7P;UV\L[N:UU-/#%U\0?A\+B%#&!/I7B:

MTTG1X;_49A;Z9(LS*(M]M9QOH5BBW&]9KJ&
1VL!Z/Q?^U%\.-9L9M/O-)-_

925.2






]<O

M ()2^%/@9H%Q)9_$#4/@









M6UA-)TKQ=XTAN?#'AKPUKMOX?L=
MXWM;'Q?XUU'4-0\0ZW:
M07

MY&-.&5RJ)RS'#*








%7[@^$7[9O[ GC'P9::[XZ_
M8%@@\3:OI[XA^'_ (E\$S^')AKHO+!K:T?Q2-'U?P_%DL;W$.I6L@LY8XV
MTX%OM&WY[+*&+Q5*2P^)H4IQG552+J0@[1JSBE*#:4=$MDKK5W;/O\O\8/ ^


M*S@TKQ)K






M@BY_P4HT_P#;#^$;?#CQCJ

@N=:T:RM%


)O
M7FYOPDUTMV/8/%C

'@\
,!;A&D*OP1@QP9&WY<@D#<3QWP *_+_ !$IPKXS







A:#X8\2+H\E_<7%SKVD77V



9B(XA
M4\/*

/W84:OQ6

M 






MWN+B\$]GX3TT6FE:?=/Y-U?6


XW&YWCJ2Q
ZU*==N-=QC

+A\-)RYL35Q#JO









W







\):YXGT^YO=
EAETM-%M




MJ?6;$6T)._

OK9G@\[JXN$$TI3PE?+J5.2IM*$+





MWN5O=


M7



M0K9106.F7L3W=]8_T.Z]\5_AA'\/_!G@SQ#86_AO1?B#9:GJNEV6GPV6C^)-
M7MFM;S1;;Q'+KVIZMINJZ1X7UO4Y[?5[G3+]_#-_J$=]-:*\
OAZXDGZ
[JX
M_+J2P.3RG6I8:

)Q'GF'R/
\V

HPPV#E2Q57#TI1J4Y1J2]K2I4ZTE.32E4E&*44D?FYX4_X)U?L


MT^IV



MLES:DEXH;RTA6UN@L4D

MMVIZSIFG/ID=S?:O?-::K;V44VH:?



_%'X:Z-X
M8U'P;H]WXH\)^)];U/5KBXM-4\&:9#X!4ZC8RZ
E\KZ=J@GLKB)))(-8\++J
M0

KRW-MJ!GC2PXE_P!E#P)IFC:=X:^)-IX5


M-[Y6@^%)HM










ED$LV




[I*\SS
#M$2[O









M#PK@5F&=4*
X





-S:QC1KDA;NRN9-K12R7%V%OIUB.\7-G^[!@'F_UA_\ !0;X

M5HXW-




819 6D$@B$Q



14YY57)IP=5TXI:


!]16?SA<7$RL


M

;1[6YC^RFZEFGB$4JO##UD^G8M1MW+!V5%4


KED
KK

U

XT6=K!YIY))GVMYT<SB-8QL,DB
MM))@,._\-7BW4^BK.TEAJ%O]E4













?A;XLOHF.F:3XBU






MJ6TVHA)'FDM'O_(C

1


Q'RQ
MH,\XUY;BTTZYN;FS6?4KRULRK(+PAFO%=S(LN[:T/E;0JA?.W



M34K6&WLK2Y_#+X2_&7QEX5CT[P?X5T2RNGOM3M[J7;8PW=Y]L21H(+BWN[E)


M&\P5:*KTXJHW+#PIJLG3A%X5TO@NXMO5R;MZ?XN\8Z%\4_BO/:^%;G7]3\%0
MZQ_;FDZ#K




#7V+;PCX9:UIL/Q$MY+2WT^QTO3O[5UJ\M=/U#4



M6-Q

M;0^3I-S]KCT[0I+SR;H+B*76KWP[9VDK 8M/MK$?8R7'S!H?C#XE^*K&\TS
MQIXA6XNEMM+T%(?%5\UYXLCT/09;:/0;69+I95NM*?4/$%LY@BG7[7:/J6H3
M7_V8D%QZ+XG\3Z[IEAK5YXOG%A=:D([63PSK%Q'JSV
&LW!OK'5X+ZTFLI&

?[6
I1ISI_5JLZDWRN4.



M2HK1;.Z6RF@FD+
)50_
?PX\

M.(J5L-&DJ








X*H


'O7Z;[+D]V:?

M=)=-6[6[M+8;XY\.Z#XX\*ZYX3\16%KJ?AWQ%I.H:-K^G7H\.JZ)J%L]KJ&
ME7M%
#;W2R1S$@!H;RTLKE0Q@V-_&K^VI_P1*\3^&/%&LZY\&/'T4/A._O9





MO&N;Y7ECGN[J[AMK2TM_[4&_X)V_$:Y62.2YTJT296V2H2ZK. 429UR?.B2&







M_P#BG?W


L?CZD)MWA5QN*K1=]




&FM
MJ4D!N'TR&^GGBLH-0AM+:&]M$0F7[%;
+A2@6O'?$/Q1UY!)&$A!CCN?+2%C


IMI

6N:


XMIK5$N+33P+6X1Y#+&RR&W8PM&S'.[]TKVU\1^&OBCIW
MPPM;[PEIU]X,U_\-WWB.76@\=E9^'KZ+3-;N;#4-4;18]9ALO(N/[-MI@IU






M2NVCL&NM

MKJDTL8^2[U6T)




NUW+-<B5I)YQ+<S1Q/*JU^IWP_9PMO#4-AXE\76GG:J-D]C:N
M%*1A@S.TAW$



MC)-=716:RL9\!8 -S%V0#:-N^


11 \1KC,H(RH#;\C[I49[KP3X(
MN?%ER+FZ26'0A(KO,5*27,L)?H








MBHT6VDX-Q:=DWRN]NNUSX'CR%:KA


]MJ.DW9CF


UW8E+E8YKA8$C;%RPG*EB8




FR3S$\D8V1?O6)POZG_ !V_
MX)D^


5PJSNP^:&2*2'8/-#1R




LZ!?6VJW-[K%OHUV\JWNEO<FYBM]4
ML+VQM7M++4;:Y5D66XEGT]L<<W5F/$5*A1H9=D$IPG1DU/$J]7VCJR=23<:

M#^'W[4WACQGI.DWMQ')X5U#5;33O)CU&UN+&TN=4O%#-9P75W#;B621)89+8

MQG^%^I0-(JW_ 
.KJ.4Q\
39ZFHC.\$8R;E^-O//X?D)IWQ

=PW=4


Y+WL/
M2D[*3TNY=/4]SU;XA^(-5TV*PO?L2VMJC3HME9_99WE2)MD;SP3Q9#*S
/
C

M!^-VTYOA*G2I\3Y54DM$I67-+I-]+]_PMT.C@&I/_6/#OF=Y4ZG
WK=:K_+8
M_B
_:0LF\(?M2?M*^%Y +=/#7[07QDT;RW_=D1Z=\1/$=I;E83GRP\$

MMY894W

M+?ZQ=O/W%_P4Z^!6MV?_  49_;:6#4=
L]*NOVD_B5JL/E
[K;6VN:S)KD2$






;C-'_

MWS[[*W9/FSC^]JWEK9^[TMHGT]/ZV/2A3A&*48V717;]=_
_9G4OFTF\ 3.8

MTNZ.!CR)

XY8'OBOAN.*3J8S+):


#&

MUA 

9. 


GG'!R.G=5U
M*;3GDNDQ-:.8X[RQ(Q%)$2P#IPXB





MK.TG)6D[*S2TT7Z/D68T



R%PLF(%\OYO]'?XZ_#WPI^UU

V'C'1+A+==3&HZ7,BR75G!<36U
M]J6GW4-Q]HBNK.PDAME+?:6C66%Y?L/#_C#%UL1+ XRK.2I0:BW&$7&:?O2



1F431


M\L0N E['+9FWQ-$3

MX0F+B.1)'
124F3YU;;@
W[!E%:-3-\34E=U*5*G*A7=1\LH5(0E[M.
W!J


D4
QE4P+-!=RAY\.(72*38Y4


M)=I(JQ*)_(CG:(

M^TR
M\;VWPV8I=)C9O
8))\CY_.?$#VU'B/(\374L9E^
G.EB82E*-&%=S5*



MBT&RU6XU6&


MH#9VB3#396615
=QNMV$@
?A8K**F(]MB
?CZ




I7MUYX2=;A


MN_\ 2HU
W?B..ZW027<\%Y
M;V
4%ZL:RRS36[W4%MI


L+&4H-U5!U4KRBG:2;LK1]Y7T5S[D_9%_9;



&IW'V)K*SO9I
M;6X

;)'_$0REE4.[$GS&4CA4RB9&[[
MCPIGSQSYZO\ ?T(VL[IQH\KNVM[IW72WW?P'])?B#%9_Q'E.&KN$:.6T
71H

D


M'\SY-Z=2FH*





MG%))Z+R_5W;/C;XH?LD^#_')EN[+R].U&2-@KRV.GSH)!M.Y':W612Y'SGS
MDA222 1\%^._V#/B-9^;)I%G;ZY;9D9%MIX]\7EA2A: (H3S=QP!NSY9YR :





/AGJ





D


0HA
1W*T39'F[VDS\NP18._P!4T*;Q;/+;:;87
MVI3RR%8(8HKAY6DC\Z9XEE#*Q+0+.8_


@$F(OW;[EC

M#?+L]$4+\W;&WF0)%&I4G8-K$%S]U5P0JY'/7*J.#GMR*[7P9X'G\43Q7-T9


M22 -Q; ).

6,=A)K5BPC::VBO=)L!=B1BN7:X:XG8(MNYP?SPUCX__ +3]

:






MTZ^LK5X=-N=%BME6WTF6UD;S=VGV\!FVPK+O
431_GI/_P %+?VWY;.-[C_@

%$OVX[V5UU

+FN.P.)R[


*ONM:A<:9#<[%N(--N!;O<6T










VO[R-VF:X*0^3'\)/\ @A=_

M4Y6BC6&**!Y[B9BBYC*YP.\C@4.6#


D#)SU_/RN*:WNHEEAN(I(1'&/
1@^5(WJRJ#@@[B#\PQMSD

MA9Y3R_


:;LG9-1OH]-






#GGH3C'?(SSRJTTN1XB
D

B

 OD $
2-IR




P0X_U6OA[\1+JXMX[;58V5HRB3


TOGWMS;O;K+=3W
\^% 5$AP6D/[Q?\ !1W_ ()2?L5_!7]DQ?BM


M%L\L%M;7U_IUO!YHEE

0:CKNOZY+J&FW$FM7&I:3
M8V9+666*ZN9ECM5
L:+/;PVJK%LC$COM0GZ!UOX8?#_ 
#?L\:EKFH^)=(U

MFXRCHGI\.B1_;V4Y1C)PE+ZG@Y934C[; XZE*


H]&\;W%U

=
MQ2Q



^/\ 1O$'CF&?X9_LZZ!?





55C7J24*E:5+1045R/[+G[+'PS^ G@'2/ ?PE\)

CF*W.J:IJ$*PW=_//
R-//)'M4RY18U)#?K+&5&X#


M.U%#L 9Y-B;=\THB1CP!B-=O/+9&/USP\P5' 4LUA0UE*=52HI.2G-T82E
M\3=K2E).VGW*_P#&_'&9YCFF
HX[
9MXJI%VNDI*DU!4U*WNWC3Y%?=K5ZW+
!C#U/PO
MH6LDC4],L;Y&&VXM8V9-V
F&5!&\9; WDERVU.5VG/044$N
7JU^+/#]4^


%656# ]0X;.X'T&WOG/&.2U3P#X1UA91?Z'8.\P;?/' (9@S
M8^9'B*A3U)R,FK5:HDDI*R_NQ?XV*V/AI

BAU\QO]V,$L<=_3CKG
MB93YFVK6TZ)[)(S;<;Q3LE\WMKJU?<YW4O.@:J@CU'2K#4%(<'[79PS%=VW
M/EL%0INP-^XONVIC;M.[F&^$7P_?:%\*Z1'\V7(LH\E2065.@4L0
$A\8&5]

9CV/YB9)QO5E4#=_#M9NC9(P
V$121SC_ ( 3Z]#VZD4*G5

YI

ZL&D$K)SCD,.YP 3CT]ZC\#?!KP/X6U
M(:WING!;E^$28B1(MI.#&
O%<TJ<E.4H-J[6UVMEW3[':L5*4$

EG^8!E'


M

# QWYS^?';L?6EHHJ2M@HHHH **** BBB
M@M

^_[8_'K^7H*+@D


D+@
MY*

DQPO;):5B3ZG(SZ= 'J6;^$C'




M)Z]_I[4KWU:7W+_(T?\ 73;3\D




9
M$IC(4G :


8-)QC

C'//7/YSOX(TA--$K:
M@MQN6#$$EEM;S(8P0RW270EAR9.50;7P/





*6]Z$DDB
MF@O(TA86\PN9@?WADB;:JG\
QV%Q&$JU)*%2ZD[M3G:Z2;M&+Y=T[I==3[Z%






MN=1GC\-ZOJ-KXSUW3=(C4PK%)#I&CZG)I-M
/-A+37ZJLI1#;QKY



M\S+$_EO

-]M-&\3S1-
M#

M_;:;=W\
UP2A:1-%9\^9MY (_5W]C?\ :7TU[#2/@YXXCU2RT%;9;;P-JOB'







+MJ?A]-

'W/*CB4S2NK7$MQ*@GN)Y$$WEF60*&/KY+G&881U5A\!2GA

ME249:-+1-)VU3N?Y[WPO^)ME\5_BQX4\&?M(:=J%QIMEH


MQ?\ @NZM=1T^/_A+[O-Y:V:H+RSE:Q:^2\DO-2AG/V.SS

M;_[2G_!







X
MM7\&^ II9=
N;JU46&I^);6

DWR7




M.%&


*4(Q/R#^(/@FU^&7@.;1H

M


MM'S(44450!1110 4444 %%%% #2

MYFBP64OS[;K3


MT+1;(PN
9$K DD'!'-OS4E5&+

M7R[^PLKQ&#*YN;6*21@0!Q)M4IP

:@(3@B
M0


 =A


C.5)^H_^M5E #G(!Z=?QI^!Z#\A0
@.
MFLN['.

MI_\ 7H\OW_3_ .O0!&X#XP N

M A9@N..N?Z=O_KTZ.3KQZ=_K[4KQ


#FLG44?
M?IV3:_E71OOIIU+/C'7)K&:2QT:^@M'DSYJVR?:)(5('E9G6XB$1(


M67LHT:L'?EG*:BY7=G=*2^U=:=CZP^'_ 
3?AK\2IM1L]*NM/T_6+!GEA\.Z







MOO$

MT(Y[8KW:[TAHCN$V/&LT95;D(RN6&/,FMH/WB$#S$57;DRQW G
DLM_P#J











:

+W_@DK^SG?S&6;QA\85+!@4BU[P4B$L!R ?A^V



M^1^8D_\ P2@_9RFAMX1XC^*
8MB61TU7P4LC$[


^&.2=RJI!)([8\]TW_@DA\ -$US3O$VB?$GX[





_BS





^7M?\ V3OAWXCC


+@%)86DJ*E\24I2OJW]ION1B
37Q48PQ%6=6
M
+\BE;W;M-V:BGJU?5O4.^?I^F?\:***[#$**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****-
MPBBB@ HI!GOC\*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **09[X_EH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HI!GOC\*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!2.@S02
D8]O\XK\\OC[_P4


MBT_3-#^'LFI*YM?M5N)[6Z^)5H(_M

MU+4?A-^T5IMI*($A%SX8^'+74MU-##

MPW5X%0 CSV'Q4

RX&5]:I+24M5OMZE+#5Y*\8NWE9G[4T5^
M(EK_ 





8=J;-R8#;N*^MT?Y
MOQ0G1JQ=G%W6^W^9^K%%?FQI_P#P5&^ NHR1^3X-^+BV\L3QW+Z1X'V,K E
M@%3X@.QV +DKN^\ 0.,RZA_P4_\ @9IUD]Z_@OXKW*)&2.UTSP1+-)'%MW

'@?


\#&#)_P]8^ JQR3R^ OC(EK&P5
MKD:1X!
:D[L0R_$2'9N(PF^?FSC W/VT?Z?_ #V53^5_A_F?IU17Y()_P6











MBO*3\37V!ET'=ZC^U
8Z]3_9Y]/3^8I!\3GPI?0=NXX'_$TSZ?\ 4.'J.W_U
M@1ZO17E;_$PJ%(T





MCS)$CSC[$

'PE
MG7JQASNT5)I:^F[N_(ZL/@,9C%+ZM1G4Y=9.,;V77J?JV3@@8Z\?3I_G_/D
MX!.










 !(!
MQR*X/XF_MN7_ 


M?*=_RUC



IA8



MM*6LX[6:2Y;XV[R74CQQL(!\)'V[0CG_7-D@ #J1]Z?L\?\%]+^/OQ(T#X

MRI-J7&7#]:O'#4\8YU)N




I:;K-_8VUO+?:-++;F'2[$&75I)#
M;2QB*&*Z6WV*96B,RI)^<OAJ[LM<F\0_##QAJ^C:A8:LLHU#4[FRLY;?7$:

VH-(QW6Z!_G*TJD

MG4[?1(PEC=I:6VEZ3I

.WUMX8\0WTTKRW*7EG

I::BMMY][;



MM[+[8+ORK2=9&6=5^S




;.WSP2LN $[_2/#VNKH.J:0+P65]



8



M;R


]A
-:
)/$&IZ?/!Y20G1X$U0:?ITMS!#<7J.
M%?4VDDG
:
@)5I
!U



6E\Y1'Y9J
=C82:/!KD&HG5;&
M%#;V5K-9RBQ%S;W%NL]U-:W-ZL9D$HDCCD2
D6TJJQ)9H_4[*ZT;0M(T\#6$
M6?;$-M[$ZF1C$B2;)()F*\HOF!U;JF.C$]M.HN?EI1G4I+EY)24H-W5Y;66D

M96J\C$P93:JX/F[E\*N--T/XBPZYH.MV?B'3=*T;5IH6N]W:&Z.R*5718;













M.:[R/$6KR7NK+;K'#I-O;:]!::Q

\5K-(Z0AV2(RH
MM9FK^(!;3^(M0:/PU;7]I

%[FWT\7R3P+*VK7\5VP8J?,BA2S;E&]2=<71<E1:O;;=V^)_Y





M_P D927.^:2NWOY]-EH+*2A

]SC[O?/7/J
M3+

M/UPO.




M
 D3MCJ0 

O$=YH?_!++XS:YI]S)!<6]Y\+Q%/&_ENH?X[^




M@UI(XU9 TD[Z997BVT/S$J\Q3?M81+(%D
?






YQPU15)R;;Q&%5'$S7-:


3^Z/\ JW)SP9/F

MD:) ^G612X!WQQ0L0+@REO-B\G$GY]PP3'++YMOYC.?L\X/GVY662/[-( V

U=_:/0(]10$^;=3D'&-LY7MSGAL]N/;C-:*Z
MC9^3(QN9Q@@@&XW$Y+8P-HP!@9(SGH37G(L+T\LQ(ZKVR._5NO\ *G36=ZZ[

MR3F8_+C/?!SNYSC'W0#D$UAW6M6RDH)G!Z'

MA )(QCAL?\#R







(_L=Q)?F&12%(C7&
M2!A]W(!4U^J&F:FMMX_\3_#_ %%(HGU.&.:TBE)=UGTTW;AX0P7!?[2 ?FX^


F[/

12J.7-6I5EK-I^\Y65M
M-+2M;332^NO]/7/J/R/^-%-P_P#?'_?'_P!E17[]RO\ DI?^ 0_^1/PSV=+^


2[CUR\
M^SZ3X=U+3-06-FN]]]J-L-'UK2Y)HXS9Q:@+QY$'V2.^9G2U^;/V9_@K:^C
MKK:)X+32;_Q7=VVLPZ:DFI$ZL\4E^+76;O3W\07EI:6-G!=S+;-M-%^ES*\
MT4PM8DB]G^-_[0/PB_9OTZVO/B)XG'BKQ18PRPZ-X?L]0O+R'1TN%A
]AI]O



M7Q-;PS6I !CO(=)\8Q6DCIM MDU!FG8M-]F
A-QM[&+X5?LW7$


-

QU*Z\*&\\8^+9#J=C+)?W:7=GIUII@$



MW)1HXG-
%5P&7SD])*&:9G0PN2SC&::G*ECJD8.\:KC4C.$?T8T?X9_LSJ\]
MP/BM\$HXUM[FUNM4O-+\616?V..=YRE[J2?'VQT:22W%]#;+%/?3+ P41L);
MV.WD]1MO#?[-D6__%Z/V:;6TM4LR-2T+Q3:FXLF4

MMKRV22.3[.(KN.67X[_9]^*_PK^-J6?[(_[37[/.GZ1X#^.^M#3_  SJ5WH]



M2K4A*




MT_LZZC)# K.NE?7XT:H[RB-$=UC@^/5U=0M=,FZ&*:&)F*D*9C



M

0R6<1A0-[FWP&U9;




MXJ






;A\-B*&(J2BZ[PU6FI.2LIRE3NI)(]6MX6Y;3H0



L$$C.H6Z^&FUG

_PRW/
MBJZ


U

ME=K:RW0M


US3_ !7H_C[X



5_$_.*%?!5%F/!T





MX57OAS6[6XO-%O\ 3[O^RGT#3O#&KQZCI]W;_P!H7GA;65AO]*:WAM8=T\DG
MDM[_ 


G6S+#YCBL!7Q2=59IB:V'C&G.A%2D
MXPA1Y(4Y4U/FEK


OBWIU








$;E%5H6^5U\ZUOX5
MZ_;0:#ID7BCP9KU]XHO;-M7O/&TUH\%UI
9NQKW]E!#H[QRZ-?BYTN-O)O'?

M6**[7Q;H6H/-;6NCZY9:/;2:C?3Q6
EA:
T4DNL89M0
3S:1'J5BMLEQ;_VE






MUH7!TBVM[=(X(OBCI3P*HA'[YU9V4R2.7.3T#@+!I_Q0\-:=%Y

M
2-^[9E/RGRRNX


MHY.6X/U/\ZQ;CXI:A?S%HM E2



RR71!;;)
LJ J%+$J2#&1N4=&W=!C;S
MX)#XT\2RLHCN;#3HL8 CV2N W]\KY1! 'RG/.6P1SF?^TOM$GF:EKMQ*V1E8



MMCAOF/)7H*\VTQ=*E56@MA+OQYDLP.7QDJ58Y ZMN*@]LYQ76#Q%;:56MF
H074L1


76OB/XK

M*KR4
53=-Q;C+V=:*M:+=*M&I2;:NI0=SI_L;




I













9
4A4HFW#^:3Q'Y?E8
MCP-S[RY.5Q@_2OP$^*/C;5[67QAXOCM+[P)KTCZ7X:LX +K5-0O42YD=EM=\

KMY_+'XL_\ !1/3/#&L


9.












H3OC\II/LOQ]\&6SMLY*;I(9!@
MQW D$DG'\%5TTHRZQ&
K)


MHU*+DDN=K#II\TI2W:3O+W[73MM%&O [H9=@\^P&*K1A4PF

M816[=DDG%-ZZZMH\2M=49





7XS!P]DH5<56HPG#
:]2



VO6
M#6$=YIT[?NKO4C$9+C[';:?'$K6$0E181(^T


MM9(9&L#;I)/XM\.?#P^'=YJES]F6'3]7N=.M=


90Y

(?X*U2668I;:=9I=3Q
M:I/.1




MNHH]Q6S2V:.8;&.+AIEDV[XBBY+@]-X5\9OK\)\
Z?J%_JOBEH3JL=G=AEQ:
M2

[D'EG&1W?6Y0C*4Z3E&+FY.TE:
9N+;NE9+2+;V;5






MCTP3GCZ


/BOK]&/U&I&-.I%1F^=J_


M


H0-V[Y?
UC*:^.3U4Y*]KVZ+\
MS]+J2QL:F'52;=+W'&/)!*TE&6ZC=[MW;N?#'@32_M_BVMN\MILL?F8\SR
MR90R(J9 RHCZ[QN#C@;?F_?7_@EOX2N;3XG7&LW,,D2BPN!$&0A<'1M<MC\V
M1PPD5N%R 



_ U[
MHWB=7TJT6\U:_P!/FL-/?2[R/?I$&K7=K]IA6Y2YMY!!9:2D=R-:C!D#2/IJ

M2I**UU$MS:?9

]Y)O79:;&\ZDZN'H4*;M4;DI6BKN\W9::[;==CQO]LG]K#1/V3O LGA

(QC$<%M9LRK965G^\D46

MU'_/VL\[76I:RHNK[3DN9K'3[2YNA8XMUO(H9K=KVTWK*.G%5Z=3VDHKW(


M87D&HQ7FAWUSJ-UX/LK33%M[.6RTKQ=/=37DVFVFD_TLW7PB_9+^(O@?2/V4

N:/
WU6TLI;J32EU/4+G4&N(ONRX\#WWB

M_#UE#!%9ZQ%)HD^J:N_B:T9-8M)=#?\ M/V+P?\ #;QQXS^#EIXX\670^&/B

LL%


JWU.I1AA\%AI5

_!
MUM%9VFKZGK

M:^+_ !DG@/Q5#!K/C70-/METC4/B;KOA?5M%T+3[R^N]7NM3UC1I=+O+K6;\
N3ZE-<7=](JMK
MEY]NNK:XMHYXTE6*ZG0()20386I41O'
\_P_&F+GE&/R:CETXQQ-YU
=2PSC
M*$W*I*I3?)%.$+TY+^'RZ\W6]O[5^C'DV)XLCG%'/(5ZW#_]A9AE%%8NI.&$


MZ!\

MS8:!H^G7:

-0C2JM


M?\+:&^J7?B3Q%!XJUJ\\4:8GAS3;'2-+\#6Z:G%IMU9K)=?9(W'V]X ^%?BK

M^&FCZ[]HU



G3I:4VD^





+=/NEO4@L[PR36WA(:EY9FN-










MKIQUF7PGH]XV@W7A:_U?5+_3=2OK739)7TJWCLDU3PWI=_J#-=]O\8_V#]?U

M1Z-JN@ZCX6UC[/;7[ZA!J
B0W5M+\(?#;XA?LI?!'X36'PY\ ?#SP+\1-%^&
M'P?L/%GCSQ_;ZIX8\9^(/^$EL=4TJUMM
\6^(]1TZXUJ76O$7B+6=5;0- TC




?$&EWVM:)JMKX2T7Q#KRW^IZ?K(ET6[@:WDT6-WO-/TU[2YBD










MU)N$'&SC:7O-=4=/IT-UJACM[&'[

'B8


*^
OCO\ M67&
MAZ+?Z;X0


4J/Y4 DW39=;F;=L'R@@5\-QOQ=@(




M)

M59I8GDCD
XW@NH7


M63K8JM4KOEKXRI92G:Y80M



U
MK6&/Q#D'AZ.[LKB&]OA,MO;71R*K-$R0*_FLT1.9$\O9C+[R5_4W]FS]J[



'*=3%488!0:G*E.%6I*G'1KWG)IJW+WTZ
^;K\(*IF%&.'P%:O
M7E5O!5*52%)SG+FNI12WDV[.R3\DC\)O&'QJ\2_$!TN?&FK37NKW1VBXN&8(


*T.6/-^Z5*-1VZN\7J
)FUV3

\@P6$S&-+


M(L^S?(N-)9SDBJY3FV!DL-2Q-/\ ?PI2C3C3K)8?$*6'DY351OF@VI-VV1M?


M+





M1=
E2R:


MJRJ/G?/*




V8BC
8

MD$






M2G?1-G^CS_P3ADM/^'(GP/GNTCFL8SX]L)8+FV\N-C#^TYX^TV*0QECL*3R1

446E_M6_$5@551

N]3LX


M.FL74J*
JD+.\81Y6F[R:=T]63ZAJ



MXCU#Q3\1/V=GFTCPBGC_ 

J



MIX
\ ZM:^'O&?B71KG4].U'7-:ETQ[*ST[5M2TB:PGU&QMS(UXD
\QAMV1X'
M287C21?=7@[_ (*A^(/VN=

]K=6?P+\!O!'Q$_:
^'?Q#^

@$4ZE5W






(U;:/ILMY86[V5G=7:


M )#\Q?\ 8SX:Z9H'[

^E7AM;=+V==-N+FSO

MTU75!9'0M+U2\NH[NWL8KBW?9J6E7NEWDL-Q]K6V#)'')(&=W^ORG'X?#8:E
M@5*
JE1OG?+%.=2;Y=;)2TC9)7LFFTDVV_%PFS3AZM/B/83-
7PRZG+@ZV



4Y



3
L@LDFNXEQ
6-G-%E/-\Q/Z7-9^&WPRBA=E\.Z49IHH


9C\M=2EO/[-56#^6+GSP9# 8I?ZQD\/J65+E49(P
M8XY ;R559HD=#RHACN([12&/FBV,P5 _EI]_P%6
P];*
;&K1A&M1O&%22



MLE9]CV



MVFNZ:Z2K;VS7$;!0/WD@0N




MLZ*OY'J/S%%?JG/+R^X_




/#WB+7O$

M=2:C)]@\ ^(^H_M:?#+Q!'?SV_@.6T^PQW
M]I=E8C3I] CC#7_B;68SHL%O





M_M4D


EOVA_X)T?&O6;/]OSX$ZI:VUQXF





MT@D\37$L]YJ.G^)].U:_C\/ZC
MI8QV]C91W;1W[2Q?5
_\ P44^*7ANUU*P



?B6;6?&.KZ];Z+=ZGH/C?5
M]!\)ZAI
PZQ/9VMO8F;7=3ACBUW4A<7\VF-J5NL<=S+ZQ^SK^

$/B/IR^'UU34H8-'TC5O%%XNDW-N#906PTZYO]<LM8













P+6S6DD4,EP9I7M_NSP1\+;/2_#FE^'/#
M'Q+\%6-XVHVFHVT-KX@\1'4+7PUI4EA<7&HZ1J4WA?4K:;6=/2:SF;^T(]*M
MX7O8HI)YDD:XM/MIMNM&NU.-6O/VE6[D^:I-\TY.+O&/-)N5HI)7LE8_G;&J
MI.K5J*$:3G4E)0A\,5=[:VLU9^3;[&0OC;Q7\._#/AOP!\.?#^EZY;+H<'B
MRL?%_D7#B'59-3\
#5/'7CCQ%))]A\-:#?KJ5]'+=7EQ?:?$EU-'I4K*37YA
M^)? ?B;Q-^T%IWQ&\0Z#X^9M






TBPO4OM#L[7Q!X0D2QD_LV




W\6_


MR]DZ%'



MO ]@F$RI#$)M_W1N.%0,V]G8 [,;@0N6Y'&
GZ?^'%G)K?[$]W86KKOEU@
M0S-*=I4V/C[2EE9@2-I
=J$W?\ +7@G;\_ATHL[U%EHY=6DA4WE^T?5]BR
RLNG?7JKMDUWXIT_P];E;:5;C4L-Y94;(H@'FB1L
MR G++MX7.T_AR&F6_B3XA:FT.FAKB1D::XN262T@C4Y.^1OD7*[RIS@A3P.M

ML@M_-5(W9QM$GG

M6$YF;:8MQW_Q-QA%^


+NK


MT32_&











$.IQS:7?PI
,CC[4]H8[I[J)]S-?[)C;[(

ZAX:^#)

M]AO(%ANQ;-);E%$_F

/S_TWZAXC\_M(_L?^']7UZQ
MET&_\:3'XD-AXBA4V^MWNDVX:%;-))55U2!KPJYSY8G3Y)-_P O\0$GB75H




M6#R2I*7M'#W(4W5E4DI4W%4JB:;;]I&3UZ&U\5_ _A#XDZ7?7'A_X6*EGKMO

3!HWEB6Y28':B[-ZG)#8'XE:G/XYT3Q.W@W4](O\
M1]2LM1


5N([?[

:-7E]K@*

M;_P3WA^


-XTEG);30%)$*?\$]OC/_PJS6OB5X&T_6-7\$^-=1T*

[QBH56IMQ





M(XRS+A#AB7$TN(/$3/LAKSEED




M+96:BU GWV_Q]\._AUX


MQBJ:G*C3I\]*2?-1O.'
H0;@T[--^^_(\3?$[B+PZX]P.91K8C/
%Q/PM@
Z

M&^!OPYO=*TWXF^+_ (_C1-6TW31Y_B:\TWQ):^$]/M+K6(=/O+?6=0\-Z0+7

MX$\(W$/_  B+^$;_ 


M[1-)T^?RM$N3X?UR\52:OI-JL4MQ:RZ!=:3)?R?:$OK?]O_ -LKXFZIX\+
M^-OBB@;PYXMT;PAXDL? =]::O;W$6^OW^C6* (=--S!K-BD,CPZ;+J%])#]
ML80WB[Y?L
1@LMRG8GC.CC/K.(S&-..I1JN-?+*7(L/4IT;3_ '*J.
JE

X5P&$J9!C

M.)Q6(HU




M4YU)PE.=2:]K4JU6G.3?*KU6UJFW*25^OT?BO5Q:Q.29;_;:K?V%]0P&+EA
:CX;

M9L%C-R=

MN \[RZAB94J


5@*V6^SR.BVGBW35?$

MOLZR6\X#B5)6JOE[I.3(\;FG#*ITYXE8G!YG4BIX:%.C5&
ING!RFDJK3W
MT;L[7LFF^SQ9R#AGCW+

 Y(XR
==X
/Q#






5@%_-!7]0X
M'H.I.K.=-PLFU%W3BHNRW2O=*^O
2WB
#2H33P]6G4E**LU)KGUYM6K
M-/9]+
]P\P_W1_WT?_B:*H_9I?4_]\#_ !HK]$]G4\__  $^/]G1[Q_\F_S/


MNO+VGR_
DTQ524*-*



MJWEA_+TI.MFY7





M*6^NM8\17

L9-Q)#=S06C*MU





EU[6M(@\2Z;




Y;#!XET85(?O\*U)VC:4H4^5

MW)14E&*?*K12M_2S^QQ^T#^SAI'P7\'Z;JGA3QSX%LM)DTO6(M9\+R3^*?#^

M_B1X-^(6_AZYM9]3TG6$\-M8P7$]K%;6VOV*?4)8H=%GM5:&T$E].%?:R
M9/,6)/YA/V+_ (]^&OAMXALO7Q!\B;P-J=TT$L]Q;2S7:6=XLEO=V^JV[2K
M!=:==&1EAGB








Z7%!?:C)J,W$MZFJ[[LWD[
M7)3?'N^'QOCYP-P_G
U6J89Y%PY@JQU#$U9.6&_M3'5ZF(E3IR
MC4I5*;IX*E:A*:F[SEV9/X8Y]GF$^L1_P!7LH]M-U(8[%8RO+%JA2G*G5=3
M#NLZ-KTZG)*
4_9J
KMNYQ7_  5:^

M
SL\?RMXLOK.VL+:
R?:&194CBLE40+$[J89?.1F#%P2IC

/C-I M?'_A#Q+\+_[(

.G:1
MJDQ!T_\ C42]N[#4EN4#+$&1[V9W:





OJV83Q^+HU



TOQ?=
MZA;PI+I]I;6WV+^S3\8_B]\'/OP\^%K'H#?#GP3X+?6/,U+2M!;6O$_P 2
M9)(KF35M\)79EU;0)[66X?7M<UC4]-MY;W5?&T36%W?V^BK%;_;WBC]D:]^

MY;70)K#^TKFVO_L6KZAIHCN6:Z;?\3?';P5X_P#A%X9?XXZ!X4L?VA/#5KI?

JLHI1HRIJ3@DKJ[?





F?Q1UF
MRU?X[_$76]*01Z?J?C[Q/J%H





+!K9/



*3O:@KF%S*HKL_&GQN

FTU[VCMJ?./[#'@K3_%_
MQZG\07_B;4?$WB:U-Q:W6DZ-YDN@VD#3I_:!NKF]%L;JRD58X1.EM JOO92W






.




6WPR'AT_&'PM;MKM



M+V





M:N(Q%.$(PQ6(E)3K13Q*MB+N

L3A
.T
MZDZN#H*C3H8:


1W5G9S7]_I=C91:@-.TVZ9;B
M-KBV:2[PL;72V:2Y
\0E4.L/T7XM^)W[
_Q0O-+\ :QXAN8/$-]H;P:S/X?\
M)Z3XDUV^U*R.^S2*\M)[:ZL[@VPADM!=39B-Y(BM)]G=W_ ^$O%'B+BCCO/
MDPF3SP-#!Y'C
5''8N5;$3J8BA.M0A*4L7&49.

 9Y7?4I;F;_A<NJ7Z:
6<E4E*



M/[-'[



LY++2+[5M1\NY;0-.





\WYB3Z-:Q:;)IMOKG]K32W5UJ%S)$\4MY;W 6#9;W$X2/?%O\


PTU0KN$%4O)M*-*
:4%[.3Y(VITXKW8WEN[
/$L5BT%Q=Q):.&X%QINS(SVOXK?LS_ /!0S5?!/@W6OA;\,D\3:QXR
MU*:UD\/3M;2ZG#;ZUJ=O+8RVMM)ID$EU +&:RGBB6PD%N[O '8[I%_<K_@F

8-U





XYX)X6S+!YM7RFM/@_ /
:*IQDL30K8-5ITI

P]=2J4YT






CS:EIJ
M:;X3LHM3MY;6:6:Y)$E]IFJWEC$#I[3=+






MD:/9S6
M:\B1R*I?#MO+A72/[P5E88.T=1C/Z_E? CR/#N&88U5



-BL#PU1PG#N*Q.'CF



MV\OE/9*L40FE&8X[J(VICR[M#. JKN_$#XB66E?$#PKXO\)Q33I'-;6FI:[!

(I67O/?9MX\:\8\
M(Y)PKF&#SIX#)






MG\ZXE\3


MO?**S[P;R#/RC(#'%G]J#]IW0_V@_@7XA^OC;Q9;^/?&GQ,DTCP-8)I^A0V
MNGZCJVH:C;)926NCR7VH10P:;:#4[N^Q.QN(D#^9;
LWBY5XGXK&XZ67YG0




$

Y*VS.EFD
SL@G:X;:F+9@_[
A7%K<PS07 U&2
Q%/*N&DBUB9TC=9'#-
M#;





MT\KQF









MUB\4VAW$-V9[Z'6=*LKR6:\AD@$TJ$30H6M64^+'V]3$UJ;4JM.FX\T_YHN$

OB&ST#7XX]
:_P!3



U?1[2:RAUNVEE758S+/*L.

VH^&E:2?5-&UN^?QEIWAOP


MJP:CXB\/ZEJ5S=7VG6NG-;P:5I4L


M6KXG
Z==XAKFITY8W$^RIRBHJ-J2G[.5^6

LBVM




MSXJ^+%]+IWCKX5W]K;PW&F7EIIHO;_Q?IMY::?8V+I;2[+/7+76;FVN+H76G
M3:7+*;:]@?S/HY^(7B+C.

P\+/$]XG
\3D

MPHRQ7U7#RI86G*I%SY*




^'-0ACAN)-+U/P;H4%Q+XC\9_9;EH]1MHM(M[ZQL[
MZ'2)M6EM%N+/S_W-^''B7Q3\-OAYXH\%:UK
_BS5[^\U3Q)/XIU+P=8Z/J'A



ZIIUQJ.@ZSHOA_08+:UMYGFAN5LO%3Z7'$K



]SJ#M=0%?Y1XK\-_$GB/


+AJ%6OBK4DL0YU


15E'#0M.






M8L=.\+?&^SO+F?4]2L;B0V7C?4]%N3IRZ-?W4%S)IKZK.EI


%&F27Z


7\

M1Q.:2BW:IE-.+IUH2E'WJ
5*

M2Y::SC6 +
^(_[/G[.-[X8NOBW;_&/XF^./&]MJ][J]QI
5BMQ9ZJK
M-I]OI-I83W-KIVAZ7-ICP7FJ_OXK?SM.NOLL?V\1!;3QM\!OVBO6HW.L?L

7T=O\










5@L9+N

M/M+NYNF

EW;&:V9VMY$,ABG.Q4Y\
MIIR59SQ%*:YI2E3I-SYH-7DVK)R:;4IV=THIZJ*;7VF/QE\OIX3+Z].I1A3C
M3J25BG.*CRR6D;KE=X733]V^[N?TA? WX\^#_C7_P **E75X/AP?A?\.UT7

\]N^K$)_*UX6^



M[BYCBO8?



6$6HWWASP]%
MHJZQ8274FGW'B^TJ6QN(-/U.]O3J-Q?3M:*T4


M6*&.*$P%Y_&/$USX9\3_ ! U_5_AI_PBGP=TSP-I.F65U\%;'P[KVA^%O$5A


A
Q$@
5#]H'XO^
M(\::3I2:C=^']

N

%K+ DJV$\TF8//MK&UCNY$4^=)#%
1D!:_7


M-&M[=P



]L=B%U:![A[B0L_F








(<G&4UB*U6M+
MFG*4HMSC&RC%G[/P[C*.&R3*N'\UQ2DI4\4\?4Q%6-1U82QF(J8=7J3E.G[+




M_57Q@^.WQLM=




M/)FMIM85; B&&U1].620R'GXBRY8;AZIG^'JPH4Z=.7UV









MO?[35Y


FG=U8+VDK;I.5EML?SD_M%_\ !+G]BKQS?76K
M7GP
\.)JXD
TNIZ/)?:%J G56VMOTR[MX9(WW
S12VS*-HVD;W)_&[XP_P#!

)O9!C!
A %?U

8*E*4$E973@O==W=^\FKMV2T/:HYQBZ



[0%V(P+!?4M!_P

M7L\FH?&OPJ;;RXTAM-*T[41]D8JX+W;277?M4PQH%QLE!8[@1^OR^)[F63


-0PF/H4%A80ITG1R?*:;CFE&YHT%)N




L!T.%79%C)\L2IRP&X8!/[6V
MVLWS#%O %4 $YGG9EZ@%&
F



1=17 6+RNOU


)O.K:45@
MFTS4(DDN;C3[X6TXDDEM9=I4+'QE4'(;+D+\X6_[7_C2=$+:WJGEEC%Y37L
MH\J'[H/*(PH;/+




%%5-913E&*5W(


M)'\O?7L7_/+_ 

(]Z-(2\A4
M5





M4L?C

=O9P16QL[V_CN;C3=B1+]M^V



*@ZZFDH04I0M9<JTIVOTOYZGXM'JI/EHQIX97LG&$(Q5K+FY;*


C^-?VYX$UJ?6=1T+1K'PMK_AO3)=






MF]^&7P\L-(CLM/\ !GAK1-7#!O%
?B34=/BT5Y-2M;#1X-2U*X;3+AK6'=X]
MXKLC^P?^SUJ]Q^V?XIN_CQ\

?CCPC8:
M=-HDN@^*-5;1M

9%_:I\.^
M-]TN]\;?L]:-X5L-6LM*UG5]=\+G0M\-^*[:^TR]3PWXK\
1ZGK%O')%IT
M]D^BV^@V4L$#6&H_;+^[%[+-^4?BC]IKPC^U3XFO_''BG2]6\):'KWC2\
&B
MW^JZ



MG.M2^HUG?GPT:TY1II7Y6FY-MU(VJN][.3MI8_7;Q[\-_AW^S_\ !#3? GAC

M?SQ7


M2?$4WA^Y:\&BX33=



6MSJNO

Z%!XJT5Y]6BUW
M2M-TMKRYM-/U&*.ZTP)<BYM].NYM/1CJ_P!N*6A.=&MA,5&I#7LY7<8J$W[



O@36=(UK2]:\*6WC/3=:@:!;R;4-!U74?#GBT2]M[#3(+V:+5 S



M]V35.25N39ZIWN?TW@


MMM6CG\.7'B-(-

MJNIWENFH'4)UFU#BQFO[66\NGL5FFM+R2)65O)4RJAD*%A_7E7&0QSJTHS4Z






A\L1M^;?A=4GUP ;(&$HD\
MH;F2+3PJK'&1PJ%Y9G8LG4R$;/D!;[/PFECJO!_#\

M8?&8BCAJ7





M
\7EZGJ^@V*








M ?#CX@^









W\MK/:_P!H:[X8U5));BWM+9]@CTFS8K]
MN3S6^5E7]HW]@[PSX2\ Z]\2_P!GKQIJ









M-JPBCFDCN+.'R98($F@DG*32;?
B0[/

XP2::@K?





MJ69\16=_9^//$^BZYH&MZE?B2S74K_2-&G@TEEAM9;37_#%II:7]U:V6D7EC
M_:HGFATK\E_VJOA-^T=\._$UIX3^*
NM^



M$\6JDJ^(G@WB(N5)T*CE'X4H*=N?EBFFMY?HV7_7L%FN.E5Q$ZBRO+
#C
NX
M=KT(8?#XG
*N;UJF/Q%;


VJR_\$H/V;WUYK[^W!J/QO&L6^IA


M7;!Y_


1V_QKZ UEF^=?O':I)''(&3\H!&3GUP

)&+KG./




9%.4KWZ;2:Z+S.O#0C)*33


L

MQ'''KUSTQGSH59TXJ$':

Y/=MMO16Z[VT^2/:

M2











MB















M4_B9X3^%_@^P^

M7Q&^$OBKQ5XR^&5[X0CT/3?#_C&X2TO=
7PAJ6BW7ARQU+7+72-(TF;0;2]3




MITV6ECZQ\
:WXRU'P-INJ^&=*325?3=!N?$=MKVLZE'K)T^:9=0UB\@U6.&&



MW$


FK:LTD












M UM9B:W62YBM;Z;3+B16D)C

&$H4JK3@KZUH3;VLV^QU'A3XS
M:YI.@:CXGU/P7-HIJ-GH/AKPL-7N;#7=<CBOVT[29]7\.1V LM)L-3NKJ86

MQU?37L-(M]?N;6=9[6\-L)[*%$9/MK1Q0WH72YKHRR37+31J-KX3Z+=Z[H%U

MD%M'$;I;K
7T
YN;ULUMLD]$EK9)^6Y^5RT?;;3Y)GT%XPCT.ZB75YDL]'N8
MM




MG7391ZOI.MZD+QY(;;4]8UK7DU2416\L[(UW=PV]Q=V&FV:






E[F9H;:.R)8S+^FG_!*']E:7




M](3

^$O_


9



Q











M*Z2]M9Z=H[7%AIVHR:G)JMOII2*R2QALB7MKPE)YKJ%6*1CZ^^$W_!.71?@W


M$Y
D)D2=]GE;RB'0,P=OYW\3_7Q0Q6$RV
LFQV$Q=+$*6-658S&X&K4HPJ
*7AQG=LBAQ#E&:99ETJD\KI<05









-

W@N'*V;Y;3BU7QN&H0^

M9YO[1U35=2L=.
#PW GMYH98X(+A)XS:

^6Z&XR?NSPK^R'^T!X@










M+OS4I1YG9IGU^
\

5@H8=47BL
LLQ6/PU?DI1]I&EBFJD)RG
M4C)2]G)*FW*.DX6/@S]GSQ1X[UZSUSPSX9L]2T+4-5N)=3U'XA0JA\0Z!H3;


=^#7[ '[8/Q\\<W5M\.?@SXQDTJYU*6.+QUXDL9_!G@B'39IIS%<WO


_SC




H:
F1CT^LX)\ ZV#XLK\7

)+QC


MDYSO[1\&K*S\+_#28(K/3[-+G5]0DCB CW7FN^*M3O[V4PJBQH\]_J
UQ)

UX'\8O%_\ P@?P


^8L?@WXM:1X

6H



BX (7K@Q8Z


$VIJ/V4UIUW;WW

M
-R


M-*5&HY1O**=G=Z?B?4_AV9KF$(&D,,BQY;: 7C?]YD@C*[3QW]1CG\1/^F
MW@S6_B'XKT+P!;2O-I;Z+9W4ADAD6UDU$:]H20H)(VD8216K:@P18W$J;PSP
M *6_:_X?VK7L&X;B!;O(0IPY\M) 5'KD


G!/WE9M-OFOS7;O%[:)'QT\HK9_C\-E2J3PLL3









MRG[0B.S(_EIL1H8O)PVWS?
;9_'W\-?^Z_QX_9(^ _@3X_ 70[#Q+X8^&R

M!O\ X.'/B!\1KRYT;X\_ W0]




M-#EJ2NY-G[=3^
?[)\1/#*/(&Z1\R;Q&&./+CR11^;O.=S+@QX'!WO2]7\





XU'4HS=*;DW&
DE.G+EU^&VZ/X
?VG/V%?VC_

;X2S%XQ/

%7?V./#$$)2ZB^.#SMC+%K?\ 9W^+
MLH;=@F6'$?[N4F-]YF4Q#RP9?T]_X)Q_M9:;XE^*WQ5^$EWX7E\8?/XC^-/




MRGAL7B

M^??_ )




MMPT'ER7%;IX#=7$=L%26WN$FL[BXM9_CGX??&31/C58FUU,OI'C_1-2ET#



*V^LZ7/I5O;3Z:$CO];*0(\0F


6-W#:;Q=E8S));^3'YWYQ^)-4UW4FDV_VP8EDWB.6*[G4N&RK9



M;= XCM;HS2


M;'[L

MX-\2706#2=!\122HSRI+:Z-JEW+#.T




R:8LD]A/:66IPR23/!?II0A5
MIROVU0OXZ?LW:7^TW=7%AX9L?@Y\4/'/A
77E3IHWA'QOKLVAV-Y/-=#4-2M
M[?1=8EO[^:ZC1/M$GV%[I(0D2Q?9VK^@#X!?$[X6?LL^#==/QF^%OCTR_$K3

U&6UD-S$=0LX5
M6T6X_




]X@QN


)&II3O%--3C)SDYZ5+2;LY\J]U
M)'V?\;8+?QK!X?\ #L
/Q/;6-.\-KHGB+QUJ
6IWV@Z]J1T^XGN+36KRPT_4


M)@^*=
GRMM6FESRYU::YM
MN:RT2/T6^(?[1-VOA.?5OB/K^I:KHGAV6[33=7\16^GVVK_9;Z[N[BT%_<P0
M+)//]EAL=/MX&NKXBWTV%E-IYQ23\F-2^,GCSQI;^-?C#X+^)!\'RG48/.F
MZ)I7BZ+0O$.H:#=2W



'PQ\9^M2U&ZO_#W
MPV\.Z;)HVJ^%=0TZ+5+:X\4ZY/9Z5H,&ES75^T6C^#$%UJ,VC:O;6FIW$L27
M:A'E;5U_EB\+_M7?M%^ 6TB2#P]XGA311+!9RPV5]93V]C.(1/I\;3Z5))+




;AJD91FX1E4C&
% ^7+?EG\4_CKK'Q/\ &5[XJUB^LVDAU.^@35+J








MVKS1BDE=)






FDO=6C6E^5?)H

G]]&[
MF.:X0@[;J-'C$HB)/EN2IQ+)@#FJB?&O5+&&-?%.A:JU]9J1'X@\.2AG56V@


MLD*?WA=0

0\134\+4H



M*-0BM?64T.H

8I;(^RK?P1X










PJ&1HC+
=Y\W ^5OBO

MF&\
GWCX(MH_#VIPW



M


Y4TY

M78X[F:[

MI#K%]I&MZQ=1QI$8-=\?
]H I;=LL- TG3 KNI16^T7$V!&H@\LF4/\ H$=;

@8]%66:=5

M)8;J(SE5

GE@

4$*F:94RJA9KPQP[@(%4/)GG[CQMJ7B%8$\.VLVCZ1/*BS7]_$$O#&\

UM+'?7?V2(JREIC*;JZR
DF225@23GJ
M@&23NY KW.STJUL?(5=L[*\B8ECG;//N;BHQG *XSQGH


/QS87+L[



5&

M\L6XHXB


H&=W= 560XP=V](]I(QDDE?



_

9&=P! .!TQ3G\7:
HW&^
MM

X3S?FX( P0


_W:&#JR-<9*@$J7P< []IZ]_N\X';G


MV%+B]B6PL%#DX
LY:9@#MXS$3C.

M]N^QU7PJT5W
$-JJ32[XO
*[@J0NLT


MYGF+Y!CG_9'_ (2?PYX)TLI%-'I]C9QNSSW5Q&(E6$+-(MW=F)#$KK&0LA0E



MIIN492UM)W;35TE8^V\%







M4Z\:
M


MMM+Q3VYMI(6F0D
R .Z[!
@D#$DCRPI]ZK4JX#'1H49RA6H.5.C6;YHR]HG*
M5X2DX33E-Z3;LTMN6Q_(OB1X$Y+C



6:
[5Q_+K^P3XZT/P


MM:0R7.\$@W
(0$DX_8.#&J%/!PQ=:


M3?VFM=.BWNE:]IE_\0O!7ARYO=(TAO&-L]KXP\
QM)89Q86NLZ-J%M-;O,%\
MV,:OX9L=0TJ[%OMB$EVNCP3/O1KF28E?+\(\0Z;X6TG44\.IXH\/7TT^IVVH
M7-AXJEAENXMGB<G5X+*^TV_M+I]Z0I=6TL:AC-;G[0FW:_B/BSP58V&K:CX



MJ
OEG:2?

K#J6Q -N5R!D$
UMY9<@P2^L+J=5NC&X$UU</RX0N
MN
MK2Z7X9\2VD[6DL]SKX2VDGNX%-HL\9$I$JW%JMM#(R;6+J+?$988.'(K5XZ*
WPAVQB\\)^%7VY&9O&?PDC;G:?D$_CJW#EB!OV/(%.W<1N7=*GQM^
M$\AW6GA/P1  Q

\K\C+;PK++
!'J
MYO(F




YITTE[&G)JRYG2@T]--'&VFB^


MMQ;R+\S13[Q&6MU1R0X0L9EVD &J7A?4- U9;[2-*$YBL)6^U.Z7
1-S(7RL


TOX[36KR/8^*_@;X?;R_+5_P#A=7B73IHDED20


MP2&;?F(



0TY89D'


Q6/QA^!

HM125XI7MWO4S
&EC()6V5&@NU[66E
MW=OS/V!M_C9K=U K2?'_ .!H@@^\+SXT_%^1(XSQ






D=REW:3Z?=K/+8%+=DE64&3Y@T9\M2BC/#NM0H+




O7D@FL/BCI

Y4


3SI;/=)]MM_-1IA+#F5-H!?X0U/XA7^B7WAN36+G3_%VDVJ00WZN3
M#J5I;B80:E+N*!_)52+Z)6)TXSPEI;C[4/+^X1:6GQ$T&2]7R-=TIC)%=1-

ML/W23;C$-2B9
Y:SO5AM_-C((F


(4'7P$6Y598;#4Y8F
U[6G%.
M
5\%*4(74K^[K9Z'R1+^TG\;O!]X;#78- U'^RYXXM1AUK3;N:ZDTP2
HU?2
47'D%;?S_5O'/PPT_XA:#%XFTR

0


M'4K5PC+=:1+-?6SJ^=N^6UBG
0(#8^UI:;AN\KS0LIC^%]1^&
OAF[G\&^)H



MHS=2+A.=*:E23=1TJDJ;JI\ETJW+[1):)32CHDC.7#^!G2JU(1BDD^7][)I.
M-T]Y:^\G]S/TRL_'?F1%H?)B*!=[)(K'YL[3+L:0PGY6*B98-WS;
E6*Z$/B



M(TC@;K;3-.N2#_%YERY;C84^;?]/_:TJB4W5Y13;]Z+;LD]%9=.B/EJF56






MZ_*FW)SQ\QW9QG@#&.C9&-!$AD& L@( RJE5QGI_RT4]CV_'FOD^V^*OC[ 6

M#1F3/SDX

MELQ#==#0K2

MUZF%7!*G&WM876]U%[Z]7Z'M-G)028YB4VYD(8U)W;?
:1U:/I\NU7W8;.
M
#.[;6FTK\ORG W[-P;G.(V!6YX;)&,@ G.1QFC+X_U/R731?#VBI(S2Z]
MJ4MU









XW8;_A()





 ^-H X

M



M]:K6KQG5G5FDJKE'6
FER/W;VC:RMZM_P2Q^



MT@1H?+GFN&
A(.&8&)?+&[\3XQI8N69T\=*E.5#



M&I/#\]12ES8=PDF^6+LK'P)^T/X/\/?%'6]7\83ZA=7
_P!LU5_$=E!-:6I&
MH7LL3P7D?DVJ;H72.1([3R?]'%L2)F^T;4_-B?X2W
FN?9\B;1EN&5+F2013
M-&Y^6

MW


M+K78Y[74+5V2]@L[QF:6VM)2=L0EB)I/+D( 3!&TY_9+_@WUFU:7_@L7^R
M-/?F07=U=?'B:[N)R\UU=1C]F/XT7*EYW909'EMHI)76

M2XABMT+

66)4'<<%%'L::V3^]E+%UZ2

I+\1/V0[-&BVFRLO'/QGDM+B3+%I;E;OX(S9*\
M&%8D3R_
F#F4LA2;2?\ @VE_;GTM&BB^*O[)



6P-RLZ[=HPS9.THJXX

8))7T;;W=]VV_Q



M!;11+Q%5ZN2_\!C_ )#M(_X-H_VZH0SZS\7/V3+Z1I)F6.+QC\8(A$DVW=&)
M?^%)DL1M7#! !@848Y@OO^#9W]NV-H9-!^
O[)]B\
SRA-0\6_&#4E:-RIDA
5X8G^
M)/[%<MKMC$Z2^/\ XU31JT0/[V+_AGFW

MVM&X_M;XG_L@:LLA?REO?'OQEEEBCD




MR:1?]H8O_G[_ .2Q_P C/TS_ (-A?VYK&WL8+KXD_L@7[P*BSW7_  L+XS1S

G[-D
FG-=7%A




[)K5=%)-+Y'(P_


M+OXGQWEM(R/!









=N+H^ /(:2WA!$*R)_P




O_$CSD=L_\3<'CZ_URP_ N3<I'BW&I/_ !(LDA9$?C_B<8'W



M5/$9S_Y:8K-E_8O^+DIW'Q'\/I#S_P Q3Q&F
]O^15.[/U&
?D45'L::5N73
MU?7?\RO:37VMO)?Y$*?L3_%I6+-XA^'Y] -6\1'UXS_PBJ^P_.HW_8C^*S.6

M? '_ (

M--I2IZ76TI+KY



25
F]3%$%_=_-*3F
HKY#BO@
MOA_B+#QAFN&K5HX;WJ





 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;385,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;799,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.39 &amp;#8211; 2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.26 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;799,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &amp;#160;Average &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,797,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(22,666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,801,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,801,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,510,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.49 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Royalty &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;to be Paid with&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Respect to Such&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st &lt;/sup&gt;and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd &lt;/sup&gt;and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6th and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Total future minimum payments required&#13;under operating lease as of January 31, 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 37.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Years Ending January 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Basis&#13;of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;MamaMancini&amp;#8217;s Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;),&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties, Inc.) was organized on July 22, 2009 as a Nevada corporation. The Company has a year-end&#13;of January 31.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is a manufacturer and distributor&#13;of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce, beef meat loaf and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;customers are located throughout the United States, with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements and related&#13;notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;US&#13;GAAP&amp;#8221;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and&#13;transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2015-03, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt&#13;Issuance Costs,&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; during the first quarter of 2016. In accordance with the guidance, $26,620 of unamortized debt issuance&#13;costs, associated with the Company&amp;#8217;s debt, were reclassified from other assets, as previously reported on the Consolidated&#13;Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2016, to line of credit, net.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern Analysis&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525&gt;&lt;i&gt;Going Concern Analysis&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525&gt;The Company had a net loss&#13;of $289,140 and $3,511,618 for the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016. As a result, these conditions had raised substantial&#13;doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. However, as of January 31, 2017, we had cash and working capital of&#13;$666,580 and $1,753,671, respectively. During the year ended January 31, 2017, the Company generated cash from operations of $482,792.&#13;In addition, management was able to negotiate the terms of its note payable with one of the lenders and intends to exercise an&#13;option to extend the maturity date of the note payable to May 1, 2018. Also, the continued revenue growth coupled with improved&#13;gross margins and control of expenses leads management to conclude that it is probable that the Company&amp;#8217;s cash resources&#13;will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the first quarter of fiscal year ended January 31, 2019. If necessary,&#13;management also determined that it is probable that external sources of debt and/or equity financing could be obtained based on&#13;management&amp;#8217;s history of being able to raise capital coupled with current favorable market conditions. As a result of both&#13;management&amp;#8217;s plans and current favorable trends in improving cash flow, the Company concluded that the initial conditions&#13;which raised substantial doubt regarding the ability to continue as a going concern have been alleviated. Therefore, the accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 17.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 2 - Summary of Significant&#13;Accounting Policies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial&#13;statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based&#13;payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Making estimates requires management&#13;to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation&#13;or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered in formulating&#13;its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ&#13;significantly from our estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company operates in an industry&#13;that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are subject to significant&#13;risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has experienced, and in&#13;the future expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability&#13;include, among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets&#13;in which the Company competes, including a potential general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it&#13;difficult to project the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results on a consistent basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January&#13;31, 2017 or January 31, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company minimizes its credit risk&#13;associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may&#13;exceed federally insured limits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance&#13;for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are stated at the&#13;amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer&#13;receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable,&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding, and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded, which is the face amount of the receivable&#13;net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had reserves of $2,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31, 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;443,623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;252,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For purpose of this disclosure, the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s short-term financial instruments&#13;approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Stock issuance costs are capitalized&#13;as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering, the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.&#13;In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds, the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering, all&#13;costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016 were $0 and $678,099, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Research and development is expensed&#13;as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016 were $144,013 and $107,632, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company classifies freight billed&#13;to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,498,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,138,214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;449,350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,048,792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,603,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cost of sales represents costs directly&#13;related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&amp;#8217;s products. Costs include product development, freight, packaging,&#13;and print production costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Costs incurred for producing and communicating&#13;advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years&#13;ended January 31, 2017 and 2016 were $1,582,048 and $2,096,026, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;)&#13;which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based&#13;method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for&#13;stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with&#13;ASC 505-50 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share-based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued&#13;to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017&#13;and 2016, share-based compensation amounted to $598,200 and $487,316, respectively. Of the $598,200 and $487,316 recorded for the&#13;years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016, $0 and $241,769 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as a reduction&#13;in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017&#13;and 2016, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25% to 1.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.42% to 1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;139% to 179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178% to 184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected option term is computed&#13;using the &amp;#8220;simplified&amp;#8221; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified&#13;method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise&#13;data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected stock price volatility&#13;for the Company&amp;#8217;s stock options was determined by the historical volatilities for industry peers and used an average of those&#13;volatilities. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;)&#13;is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings&#13;or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC&#13;Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16, basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the&#13;numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to&#13;common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not&#13;paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing&#13;operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar&#13;to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that&#13;would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential&#13;dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21&#13;through 260-10-45-45-23, diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint&#13;of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting&#13;entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of Paragraphs 260-10-45-35&#13;through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include&#13;non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260&amp;#8211;10&amp;#8211;55&amp;#8211;23).&#13;Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the&#13;treasury stock method: (a.) exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance,&#13;if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued, (b.) the proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase&#13;common stock at the average market price during the period. (See Paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5), and (c.)&#13;the incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased)&#13;shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $0.39-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,659,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,927,805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss&#13;during the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016, the effect of considering any common stock equivalents, would have been anti-dilutive.&#13;A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance&#13;with ASC No. 740, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary&#13;differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from&#13;the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a&#13;valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax&#13;assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is no longer subject to&#13;tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain prior period amounts have been&#13;reclassified to conform to current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued a comprehensive&#13;new revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The standard&amp;#8217;s&#13;core principle (issued as ASU 2014-09 by the FASB), is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or&#13;services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for&#13;those goods or services. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable&#13;consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.&#13;The new guidance must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption&#13;or a modified retrospective approach. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09&#13;by one year, and would allow entities the option to early adopt the new revenue standard as of the original effective date. This&#13;ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard&#13;permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has evaluated the standard and&#13;does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Presentation&#13;of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue&#13;as a Going Concern.&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is&#13;substantial doubt about an organization&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.&#13;For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial&#13;doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are&#13;issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual&#13;and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to adopt the methodologies prescribed by ASU&#13;2014-15. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 had no material effect on its financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying&#13;the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized&#13;debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent&#13;with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this&#13;ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously&#13;issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented&#13;should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition, an entity is required&#13;to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature of and&#13;reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, a description of the prior-period information that has been&#13;retrospectively adjusted, and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e., debt issuance cost asset and&#13;the debt liability). The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 during the year ended January 31, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, which modifies existing requirements regarding&#13;measuring inventory at the lower of cost or market. Under current inventory standards, the market value requires consideration&#13;of replacement cost, net realizable value and net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin. The new guidance&#13;replaces market with net realizable value defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This eliminates the need to determine and consider replacement cost&#13;or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The standard is required to be adopted&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that annual period, which is our fiscal&#13;year 2018. The amendment is to be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating&#13;the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842).&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;Under ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize, for all leases of 12 months or&#13;more, a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease&#13;term. Additionally, the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature&#13;of an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company&#13;is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting&#13;for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several&#13;aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)&#13;classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption&#13;of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; (topic 606). In March&#13;2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting&#13;Revenue Gross verses Net)&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(topic 606). These amendments provide additional clarification and implementation guidance&#13;on the previously issued ASU 2014-09, &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide&#13;clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping&#13;and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&amp;#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right&#13;to use an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in&#13;ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how&#13;it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide&#13;with an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09, which we intend to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after&#13;December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, which&#13;narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax and&#13;transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2016-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified&#13;in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will&#13;require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the&#13;amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact&#13;of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;, &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement&#13;of Cash Flows (Topic 230)&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the total cash, cash equivalents,&#13;and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance is effective for fiscal years,&#13;and interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The provisions of this&#13;guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance for all periods presented.&#13;The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 3 - Property and Equipment:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment on January 31,&#13;2017 and 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,193,473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,112,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;825,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;429,282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,036,613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,559,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;861,105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;512,291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,175,508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,047,455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 4 - Investment in Meatball&#13;Obsession, LLC&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2011 the Company acquired a 34.62%&#13;interest in Meatball Obsession, LLC (&amp;#8220;MO&amp;#8221;) for a total investment of $27,032. This investment is accounted for using&#13;the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&amp;#8217;s equity in the&#13;undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2011 the investment&#13;was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 5 - Related Party Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Joseph Epstein Foods&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &amp;#8220;Manufacturer&amp;#8221;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer&#13;is co-owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with the Manufacturer to determine if&#13;the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. Based on this analysis,&#13;the Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity but the Company is not the primary beneficiary of&#13;the variable interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. In addition, based on the analysis the Company determined&#13;that the CEO and President of the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity and bears the risk of loss.&#13;Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license to use the Company&amp;#8217;s recipes,&#13;formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&amp;#8217;s products, for manufacturing the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in&#13;turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to&#13;manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#8217;s products and the Company has the right to purchase products from one or more&#13;other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. In September 2016, the agreement was amended and restated to extend the agreement&#13;until August 2, 2021. The amended agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration&#13;of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the&#13;termination date. The term of this Agreement shall expire on the later of the expiration date or a date which is three (3) years&#13;following a Change of Control. For purposes of the agreement, a Change of Control shall occur when a third party who is not currently&#13;a shareholder of the Company acquires control of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the voting shares of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if the Company&#13;specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense for packaging&#13;and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in ordinary packaging&#13;or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping materials and&#13;to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the product, other&#13;than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred in repackaging.&#13;Per the agreement, all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company. The Company agreed with the Manufacturer&#13;at the end of the last fiscal year that Company would purchase a minimum of $963,000 of product each month and that any amount&#13;below that sum would be a charge of 12% of that shortfall each month. In return, the Manufacturer obligated itself to offer the&#13;Company competitive prices and would not co-pack for other suppliers and would either maintain or lower its payable to the Company&#13;each quarter. In addition, the Manufacturer agreed to rebate the Company any overage of gross margin above 12% each month.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time the Company will make investments&#13;in equipment located at the Manufacturer&amp;#8217;s facility. The equipment is capitalized and depreciated by the Company over the&#13;estimated useful life.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended January 31, 2017 and&#13;2016, the Company purchased inventory of $12,456,034 and $8,381,441, respectively, from the Manufacturer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended January 31, 2017 and&#13;2016, the Manufacturer incurred expenses of $42,000 and $24,000, respectively, on behalf of the Company for shared administrative&#13;expenses and salary expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the amount due&#13;from the Manufacturer is $2,079,708 and $2,248,781 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Meatball Obsession, LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A current director of the Company is the chairman&#13;of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&amp;#8220;MO&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016,&#13;the Company generated approximately $76,342 and $67,120 in revenues from MO, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company&#13;had a receivable of $8,189 and $6,512 due from MO, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;WWS, Inc.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A current director of the Company is the president&#13;of WWS, Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016,&#13;the Company recorded $48,000 and $48,000 in commission expense from WWS, Inc. generated sales, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes Payable &amp;#8211; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 6 - Promissory Notes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 31, 2015, the Company entered into&#13;a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of $358,832,&#13;bearing interest at a rate of 10% and maturing in October 2017. The Company is required to prepay the note 10% of the net proceeds&#13;received upon the closing of a capital raise, except for, those transactions conducted with the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive&#13;Officer. The Company paid $248,373 toward the outstanding balance, a portion of which is 10% of the net proceeds from the final&#13;closing of the private placement in November 2015. As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance on the note was $0&#13;and $239,459, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2016, the Company entered&#13;into a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of&#13;$116,003, bearing interest at a rate of 6% and maturing in October 2016. In November 2016, the note was fully repaid by the Company.&#13;As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance on the note was $0 and $97,116, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 7 - Loan and Security Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 3, 2014, the Company entered&#13;into a Loan and Security Agreement (&amp;#8220;Loan and Security Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital, LLC (&amp;#8220;EGC&amp;#8221;)&#13;which contains a line of credit. As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance on the line of credit was $1,363,145&#13;and $933,001, respectively, net of debt discount of $0 and $26,620, respectively. In September 2016, the agreement was amended&#13;and the total facility increased to an aggregate principal amount of up to $3,200,000. The facility consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 80%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,150,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;350,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;700,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;EGC may from time to time make loans&#13;in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as&#13;defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Inventory&#13;Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) in an amount up to 50% of finished&#13;goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The revolving interest rates is equal&#13;to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank, N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances&#13;made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of&#13;the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank, N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility&#13;is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year period. The Company is required to pay an&#13;annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3,200,000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the&#13;total facility. In the event of default, the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns&#13;are secured by all of the assets of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the first quarter of 2016, the&#13;Company adopted ASU 2015-03, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Interest &amp;#8211; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation&#13;of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;. &amp;#8220;In accordance with the guidance, $26,620 of unamortized debt issuance costs, specifically attributable&#13;to each of the Company&amp;#8217;s debt issuances, were reclassified from other assets, as previously reported on the Consolidated&#13;Balance Sheet as of January 31, 2016, to line of credit, net. The unamortized debt issuance costs are now presented as a direct&#13;deduction from each debt liability, consistent with the presentation of the corresponding debt discount, where applicable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The debt discount will be amortized&#13;over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt, using the straight-line method which approximates&#13;the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of other expense in the consolidated&#13;statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and $26,620 as of January 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2017 and 2016 the&#13;outstanding balance on the line of credit was $1,363,145 and $959,621, respectively. Due to the terms of the agreement regarding&#13;a subjective acceleration clause and a lockbox arrangement, the line of credit is shown as a current liability on the consolidated&#13;balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 3, 2014, the Company also&#13;entered into a 5 year $600,000 Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#8220;EGC Note&amp;#8221;) with EGC. In September 2016, the ECG Note was increased&#13;to $700,000 with an extended maturity date of September 30, 2021. The amended EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of&#13;$11,667. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly, in arrears. In the event of default, the&#13;Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of&#13;the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $653,332 and $440,000 as of January 31, 2017 and 2016,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 8 &amp;#8211; Note Payable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2014, the Company entered&#13;into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Manatuck Hill Partners, LLC (&amp;#8220;Manatuck&amp;#8221;)&#13;whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#8220;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#8221;) in favor of Manatuck. The&#13;Manatuck Debenture is for $2,000,000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture, the Company granted Manatuck 200,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted common stock. In April 2015, the maturity&#13;date was extended to May 2016 and 30,000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&amp;#8217;s&#13;review, the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the 30,000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32&#13;and recorded $39,600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Upon issuance of the debenture and subsequent&#13;extension, a debt discount of $498,350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares&#13;granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the&#13;debt, using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included&#13;as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 29, 2015, the note was further&#13;amended to extend the maturity date to December 19, 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension, the Company was required&#13;to purchase the above 230,000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65, a value of $149,500 and incurred an amendment&#13;fee of $170,500, both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition, the extension reduced accrued&#13;interest by $220,000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220,000. Based on management&amp;#8217;s review, the accounting&#13;for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment, the Company wrote-off the existing&#13;debt of $2,000,000, wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190,483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating&#13;to this note of $19,106. The loss on debt extinguishment of $380,089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off&#13;of the remaining debt discount of $190,483, the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19,106, and the amendment fee of $170,500.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2016, the note was further&#13;amended to extend the maturity date to September 30, 2017 and also removed the convertible feature of the note. The principal amount&#13;of the note was increased to $2,898,523, which is inclusive of accrued interest payable through October 31, 2016. In addition,&#13;the Company paid an origination fee of $50,000 on October 31, 2016 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over&#13;the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2017, the Company amended&#13;the agreement with Manatuck whereby the Company would have the option to extend the maturity date of the note to May 1, 2018. On&#13;March 10, 2017, the Company notified Manatuck Hill that it is the Company&amp;#8217;s intent to exercise the option not later than&#13;July 31, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company agrees to pay Manatuck principal payments in the amount of $100,000 per month commencing on February 28, 2017 and continuing on the last day of each succeeding month, subject to additional terms as defined in the agreement ;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Upon exercise of the Option, the Company will pay to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account of the note as of March 31, 2017, which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through March 31, 2017 which can be included in the outstanding principal balance of the note;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company shall make monthly principal payments to Manatuck as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;October 2017-December 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;150,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 2018-May 1, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;There was unamortized debt discount&#13;of $48,094 and $0 as of January 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The outstanding balance including principal&#13;and interest and net of debt discount at January 31, 2017 was $2,700,725. The outstanding principal balance as of January 31, 2016&#13;was $2,540,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future maturities of debt are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Years Ending January 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,703,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,806,479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;140,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;140,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;93,316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 9 - Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2017,&#13;the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 28% and 13% of gross sales. During the year ended January&#13;31, 2016, the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 16%, 14%, 13% and 10% of gross sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2017, these two customers&#13;represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding receivables, respectively. As of January 31, 2016, these four&#13;customers represented approximately 18%, 7%, 9% and 30% of total gross outstanding receivables, respectively&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 10 - Stockholders&amp;#8217;&#13;Equity&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(A) Series A Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On May 28, 2015, the Company amended&#13;its articles of incorporation to establish the designation, powers, rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions of the Series&#13;A Convertible Preferred Stock (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred&amp;#8221;). The Company authorized 120,000 shares of Series A Preferred with&#13;each share of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to $100, as adjusted for stock dividends,&#13;combinations, splits and certain other events. The Company analyzed the conversion feature for potential derivative classification.&#13;On May 28, 2015, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to establish the designation, powers, rights, privileges, preferences&#13;and restrictions of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred&amp;#8221;). The Company authorized 120,000&#13;shares of Series A Preferred with each share of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to&#13;$100 (&amp;#8220;Stated Value&amp;#8221;), as adjusted for stock dividends, combinations, splits and certain other events. The Company&#13;analyzed the conversion feature for potential derivative classification. Despite the ratchet features included in the conversion&#13;option, the Company concluded that equity treatment was warranted since the feature was clearly and closely related to the host&#13;contract. The holders of the Series Preferred A will be entitled to (a) dividends at a rate of 8% per annum, (b) a liquidation&#13;preference equal to $0.675 per Series A Preferred share, (c) the option to convert the Series A Preferred shares to a number of&#13;shares of common stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 and (d) warrants to purchase a number of common shares&#13;calculated by dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 exercisable for a period of five years at a price of $1.00 per share. There is&#13;also an automatic conversion based on the occurrence of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of January&#13;31, 2017, all accrued dividends had been paid in Company common stock. Additionally, in April 2016 the Company granted an aggregate&#13;of an additional 2,510,001 Warrants to investors in a prior offering. These Warrants are for a term of five (5) years at an exercise&#13;price of $1.50 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During May 2015, six directors of the Company&#13;entered into convertible note agreements with a maturity date of July 22, 2016 for total proceeds to the Company of $650,000. In&#13;June 2015, the notes were converted into Series A Preferred. Additional proceeds of $560,000 were received pursuant to closings&#13;that occurred in June, August and September. In connection with the closings, the Company also granted warrants to purchase 1,481,481&#13;and 179,259 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share to shareholders and the placement agent, respectively. The warrants granted&#13;to the placement agent have a grant date fair value of $84,547 which is treated as a direct cost of the Financing and has been&#13;recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During November 2015, the Company completed&#13;the final closing of a private placement with 11 accredited investors and issued an aggregate of 10,200 shares of Series A Preferred&#13;and warrants to purchase 1,511,112 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $1,020,000. Stock issuance&#13;costs of $132,600 were paid to placement agents yielding net proceeds of $887,400. Of these issuance costs, approximately $86,000&#13;were pursuant to the promissory note agreement as discussed in Note 6.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed in Note 6, during January 2016,&#13;the Company settled an outstanding payable with one of its vendors by issuing a promissory note in the principal amount of $116,003&#13;and 1,100 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series A Preferred and warrants to purchase 162,963 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(B) Common Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2014, the Company issued a&#13;convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#8220;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#8221; as discussed in Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture,&#13;the Company granted Manatuck 200,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted common stock. In April 2015 the maturity date of&#13;the note was extended until May 2016. Upon execution of the extension, the Company granted Manatuck 30,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of $39,600.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016, the&#13;Company issued 8,540 shares of its common stock for a cashless conversion of 22,666 warrants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016, the&#13;Company issued 421,600 shares of its common stock to employees for services rendered a value of $242,487.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2017, the&#13;Company issued 509,894 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears&#13;totaling $271,914.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2017, the&#13;Company issued 793,307 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $470,500.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On January 26, 2017, the Company granted 75,000&#13;shares of restricted stock to an employee pursuant to an amended employee agreement. The shares shall fully vest upon a change&#13;of control of the Company as defined in the agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed in Note 8, upon amendment of the&#13;Manatuck Debenture on October 29, 2015, the Company repurchased the 230,000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149,500&#13;which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(C) Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;385,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;799,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.39 &amp;#8211; 2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.26 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;799,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the total&#13;intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $73,070 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(D) Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &amp;#160;Average &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,797,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(22,666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,801,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,801,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,510,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=18 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &amp;#160;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.49 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 77px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 93px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At January 31, 2017 and 2016, the total&#13;intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $0 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2017,&#13;when computing fair value of the warrants granted, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Litigations, Claims and Assessments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, the Company may become&#13;involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent&#13;uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a&#13;material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Licensing and Royalty Agreements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial&#13;manufacture, distribution and sale (each a &amp;#8220;Licensor Product&amp;#8221; and collectively the &amp;#8220;Licensor Products&amp;#8221;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee, Licensor&amp;#8217;s trade secret recipes, formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such&#13;Licensor Products (the &amp;#8220;Recipes&amp;#8221;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The term of the Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Term&amp;#8221;)&#13;shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each&#13;December 31 is referred to herein as an &amp;#8220;Agreement Year&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Exclusive Term began on January&#13;1, 2009 (the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated or extended&#13;as provided herein. Licensor, at its option, may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee, delivered between&#13;the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if, on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement&#13;Year, Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#8220;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#8221;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith, Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)&#13;years, by notice in writing to Licensor, delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration&#13;of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter, until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith, or until terminated by Licensee.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Either party may terminate this Agreement&#13;in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)&#13;days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights&#13;are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 24px; font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event, all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the Agreement the&#13;Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive&#13;Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &amp;#8220;Royalty Rate&amp;#8221;), multiplied by Company&amp;#8217;s &amp;#8220;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#8221;. As used herein, &amp;#8220;Net Sales&amp;#8221; means gross invoiced sales of Products, directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties, less (a) discounts (including cash discounts), and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#8220;Discounts&amp;#8221;); (b) credits, rebates, and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims, rejections or returns, including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively, &amp;#8220;Credits&amp;#8221;); (c) freight, postage,&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes, duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount, when&#13;included in billing, as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods, consistently applied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net&#13;sales up to $500,000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500,000 up to $2,500,000 of Net Sales for each&#13;Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2,500,000 up to $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in&#13;excess of $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Royalty &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;to be Paid with&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Respect to Such&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st &lt;/sup&gt;and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd &lt;/sup&gt;and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6th and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company incurred $304,157 and $271,880&#13;of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative&#13;expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreements with Placement Agents&#13;and Finders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;(A) April 1, 2015&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a fourth Financial&#13;Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#8220;Spartan&amp;#8221;) effective April 1, 2015&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, the Company shall pay to Spartan a&#13;non-refundable monthly fee of $10,000 through October 1, 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.&#13;Additionally, (i) if at least $4,000,000 is raised in the Financing, the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5,000&#13;per month from November 1, 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5,000,000 is raised in the Financing, the Company shall&#13;pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5,000 per month from November 1, 2017 through October 2019. If $10,000,000 or more is raised&#13;in the Financing, the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5,000 (as determined&#13;by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)&#13;on the first day of each month during the period from November 1, 2015 through October 1, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing&#13;shall pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon&#13;exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants&#13;shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price&#13;equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or, in the case of exercisable, convertible,&#13;or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more&#13;than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016,&#13;the Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10,000. In connection with the Initial Closing, the Company agreed to&#13;pay an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157,300. The Company also granted warrants to purchase 179,259 shares&#13;of common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $84,547 which is treated as a direct cost of&#13;the Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. During the year ended January 31, 2017, no payments&#13;were made to Spartan.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Lease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2015, the Company began a&#13;lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford, NJ. The lease is for a 51 month term expiring on March 31, 2019 with annual&#13;payments of $18,847.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Total future minimum payments required&#13;under operating lease as of January 31, 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 37.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Years Ending January 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 13 &amp;#8211;&#13;Subsequent Events&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;The&#13;Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation,&#13;the Company has identified no reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial&#13;statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based&#13;payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company operates in an industry&#13;that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are subject to significant&#13;risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January&#13;31, 2017 or January 31, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance&#13;for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31, 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;443,623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,498,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,138,214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;449,350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,048,792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;)&#13;which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based&#13;method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for&#13;stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with&#13;ASC 505-50 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share-based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued&#13;to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017&#13;and 2016, share-based compensation amounted to $598,200 and $487,316, respectively. Of the $598,200 and $487,316 recorded for the&#13;years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016, $0 and $241,769 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as a reduction&#13;in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017&#13;and 2016, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25% to 1.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.42% to 1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;139% to 179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178% to 184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected option term is computed&#13;using the &amp;#8220;simplified&amp;#8221; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified&#13;method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise&#13;data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;)&#13;is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings&#13;or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC&#13;Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16, basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the&#13;numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to&#13;common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not&#13;paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing&#13;operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar&#13;to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that&#13;would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential&#13;dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21&#13;through 260-10-45-45-23, diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint&#13;of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting&#13;entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of Paragraphs 260-10-45-35&#13;through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include&#13;non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260&amp;#8211;10&amp;#8211;55&amp;#8211;23).&#13;Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the&#13;treasury stock method: (a.) exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance,&#13;if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued, (b.) the proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase&#13;common stock at the average market price during the period. (See Paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5), and (c.)&#13;the incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased)&#13;shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $0.39-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,659,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,927,805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance&#13;with ASC No. 740, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary&#13;differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from&#13;the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a&#13;valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax&#13;assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued a comprehensive&#13;new revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The standard&amp;#8217;s&#13;core principle (issued as ASU 2014-09 by the FASB), is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or&#13;services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for&#13;those goods or services. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable&#13;consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.&#13;The new guidance must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption&#13;or a modified retrospective approach. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09&#13;by one year, and would allow entities the option to early adopt the new revenue standard as of the original effective date. This&#13;ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard&#13;permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has evaluated the standard and&#13;does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Presentation&#13;of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue&#13;as a Going Concern.&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is&#13;substantial doubt about an organization&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.&#13;For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial&#13;doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are&#13;issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual&#13;and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to adopt the methodologies prescribed by ASU&#13;2014-15. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 had no material effect on its financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying&#13;the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized&#13;debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent&#13;with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this&#13;ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously&#13;issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented&#13;should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition, an entity is required&#13;to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature of and&#13;reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, a description of the prior-period information that has been&#13;retrospectively adjusted, and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e., debt issuance cost asset and&#13;the debt liability). The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 during the year ended January 31, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, which modifies existing requirements regarding&#13;measuring inventory at the lower of cost or market. Under current inventory standards, the market value requires consideration&#13;of replacement cost, net realizable value and net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin. The new guidance&#13;replaces market with net realizable value defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This eliminates the need to determine and consider replacement cost&#13;or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The standard is required to be adopted&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that annual period, which is our fiscal&#13;year 2018. The amendment is to be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating&#13;the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842).&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;Under ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize, for all leases of 12 months or&#13;more, a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease&#13;term. Additionally, the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature&#13;of an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company&#13;is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting&#13;for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several&#13;aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)&#13;classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption&#13;of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; (topic 606). In March&#13;2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting&#13;Revenue Gross verses Net)&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(topic 606). These amendments provide additional clarification and implementation guidance&#13;on the previously issued ASU 2014-09, &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide&#13;clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping&#13;and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&amp;#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right&#13;to use an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in&#13;ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how&#13;it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide&#13;with an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09, which we intend to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after&#13;December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, which&#13;narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax and&#13;transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2016-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified&#13;in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will&#13;require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the&#13;amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact&#13;of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;, &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement&#13;of Cash Flows (Topic 230)&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;, requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the total cash, cash equivalents,&#13;and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance is effective for fiscal years,&#13;and interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The provisions of this&#13;guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance for all periods presented.&#13;The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;. Inventory was comprised of the following&#13;at January 31, 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;443,623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,498,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,138,214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;449,350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,048,792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2017&#13;and 2016, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25% to 1.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.42% to 1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;139% to 179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;178% to 184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,311,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $0.39-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;881,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,659,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,466,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;496,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment on January 31,&#13;2017 and 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,193,473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,112,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;825,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;429,282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,036,613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,559,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;861,105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;512,291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,175,508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The facility consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 80%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,150,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;350,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future maturities of debt are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Years Ending January 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,703,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,806,479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;140,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;140,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;93,316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 12 - Income Tax Provision&#13;(Benefit)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: line-through; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(105,137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,196,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(106,002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(209,051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;211,139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,405,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has U.S. federal net operating&#13;loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $12.9M and $12.6M at January 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, available to offset taxable&#13;income through 2034. If not used, these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there&#13;be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis&#13;of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.&#13;The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $12.9M and $12.6M at January 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively,&#13;available to offset future taxable income through 2035.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In assessing the realization of deferred&#13;tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the&#13;periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available, Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31,&#13;2017 and 2016, the change in the valuation allowance was $211,139 and $1,405,640.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company evaluated the provisions&#13;of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#8217;s financial statements.&#13;ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions that the&#13;Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not&#13;to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax&#13;return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &amp;#8220;unrecognized benefits.&amp;#8221;&#13;A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized&#13;tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&amp;#8217;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position&#13;that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;If applicable, interest costs related&#13;to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &amp;#8220;Other expenses &amp;#8211; Interest&amp;#8221;&#13;in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &amp;#8220;General and administrative.&amp;#8221;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No interest or penalties on unpaid tax&#13;were recorded during the years ended January 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of January 31, 2017 and 2016, no liability for&#13;unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized&#13;tax benefits in the next year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,456,947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,244,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,456,947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,244,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,371,693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,160,554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax true-up&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: line-through; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(105,137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,196,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(106,002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(209,051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;211,139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,405,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,456,947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,244,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,456,947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,244,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,371,693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,160,554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(84,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax true-up&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2017,&#13;when computing fair value of the warrants granted, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000032 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlc xlink:title=00000010 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000032 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlc xlink:title=00000010 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000032 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000038 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockSharesSubscribedParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AmortizationOfClosingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePreferredIssuedToSettleLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPreferredIssuedToSettleLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesPreferredDividendIssuedInCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredDividendIssuedInCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseDueFromOtherRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedForSeriesPreferredDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AccruedInterestReclassifiedToPrincipalBalanceOfConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AccruedDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPaidInFormOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfNotesToPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RepurchaseOfCommonStockAmendmentOfConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PromissoryNoteIssuedForAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PreferredAndWarrantsIssuedForAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_LoanAndSecurityAgreementDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NotePayableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

    <td style=vertical-align: top; width: 24px; font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

    <td style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesAndSalesDiscountsAccountedForDirectReductionInRevenuesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfWarrantsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfFairValueOfWarrantsGrantedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfMinimumRoyaltyPaymentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPaidInFormOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockWarrantsEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockOptionsEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestmentsOriginalCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInInvestmentDueToLossesInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchasedInventoryFromManufacturer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_MeatballObsessionLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_WWSIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_CEOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_CEOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=MMMB_JosephEpsteinFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfShortfallEachMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfOverageOfGrossMarginEachMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsPrepaymentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_PromissoryNoteAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsPrepaymentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_PromissoryNoteAgreementOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_PromissoryNoteAgreementTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfAccountsRevolvingLineOfCreditMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFinishedGoodsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRawMaterialAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_SecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_SecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_AccountsRevolvingLineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_InventoryRevolvingLineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AmendmentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RemainingDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OriginationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DebtMaturityExtendedMonthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AdditionalProceedsFromConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfAccreditedInvestors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfConversationOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_EmployeeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_ShareholdersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_PlacementAgentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_ManatuckHillPartnersLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_EmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=MMMB_InvestorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfPreferredStockDividendsRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfStockDividingParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockExercisablePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfStockDividingParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MMMB_SeriesAPreferredStockHoldersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberCommonStockSharesIssuedForDividendsInArrears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockAmountOfPreferredDividendsInArrears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WeightedAverageExercisePriceWarrantsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IntialClosingWarrantsIssuedToInvestors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeeEqualToAggregateGrossProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeesEqualToAggregateGrossProceedsForExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfCommonStockIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OnetimeEngagementFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CashFeeAndNonaccountableAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_MoreRaisedFinancingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFirstAndSecondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearThirdAndFourthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFifthSixthAndSeventhMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearEighthAndNinthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearTenthAndThereafterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     FA'=*K91TX.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M#[^;L/7:'

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!


@%'T5XP

@EIM8YOT(YO=9#=I9K.SOVE+6S
J+M!V
M]NT7T'$=N
X?!3SG'BYRX!8/+E[EE3$5O-55(Y?A5:EV@9 \7EE-Y1-O6:._


F;0+#S
ESCQ0[GAF 1
M+R5[R%$[


3T!Z8NG)
MB#YSELA'9+! @JD'CUW!#I$:A%-]P]2$L5I#LO,0)F9)S-W9'P$CF%#%3(

!
_

?$B$.\0 3 3QPB&38QC/P)Q50!


MJE9JI=55;5]G%^^+B$TR2[7;U\G9G
C.F]64CV9_N9.'EPO#@U[==N%T(_
M^U97AVXYW_7]\2'+NN==J





?3MW5]]E0RE/3




MN7[ZIJ)XSKOVL1]J&6E:NY40YTZ96X?U'BEC:5(/%@@*I5DKVJN5CI2&LM
M&5





M]




M]-


M 
SO!F0F('
DH%,E_H)[R8
7J)V#!;/5:+ DXS^3.WJE/_._U-5LME[WE1

MD#&5Q9(%63*/!0&'99 4MZ-




ILG;
?0]V/D^K'16'.1
M!=;UN
XFILR]%WYW9K)@I]__/V&*
9G?

8\%-WGS$::_](0_]X


T0SYALX$EN#DWJ%/L=
MLT/=\6A#A3Q_Z5/2GE)!9$KP))

MBW]02P

M+W-H965T-YX;6Q]E]MNXS80AE]%T'TB#H]B8!N(710MT +!%FVO%9L^871


M[%L*'/]




8BAJ+6UU;+::OE


MG]
^RSGB 1:?4R?1?#ZX3*!CB4





$%     @ IH1W2I?C
M#FC(!0  7B







MS?&$&?^G#W&GWWU_$)ZX6[P/'4W
\LC(
R:
3.21(\*3)I
B1IE
AAC?9'+$


CP;T\A1P1P5R#$A.7*&Y7A$ C-'


4PM!JF13ZXE
M9UAJ


3H!J(EH-AW@U=B9U8+*)
M

: :)=4X GQ/4YR:(C46SOIL9C58B@2P(D&M$#\

]Q!(GN9\EU.$ PW=O[$SJP&0.3.[ %)([Y8T*M)]2

(;G8WDA/+[=L@;2#9I!8@B608





?\0@;!V4;1 RQ:M+W6)DIBK&VYDI)LW[Z4K/7:
X?&

M3TV[J_ITVCXONT-;5X]CH]UV247AE[MJLY_?WX[7/K7WM\UKO]WLZT_MK'O=

_UGW7_U^%3F\Z6IRB/FUV][S;-

3BJM_5#/X2HTL];


( = ]BS -&+03A*_C9CY(%E='80N0=.R
\:;$
MAAPTY$!&'@?P
(!7&1D.(J6CQIU995N61MS^M991Z9S)V G03@!V2F$GH'Y(

!-%&ZTQHKQ6Y?*BBD*RCB)T$G43N2
6D75C8ME K5P
MHV5DG3LS?6''%!@'!3!D) ^T2(W-I+FX3V51E#%C)T
GHY\#FT&#@?3Y: AD

M0(6+27
QWY

.0+



84PSP+27F&:-X
#$LN0$LF&8HLFM:V!4

;(9
M(-M+9+-&=IK?J;J0EK1.6+^TA+G-H(3UN24IC%H+4.O5JM0/?(I?UUQ:P9BU
M +.R'EU9C4^.T11R 0?H;%GZ
C/ %E/6@K+59[Y]+:C!63TDHQ6 X^B6J1
M# 3+#G)F#1(P
4@F6HTZ=J4CR1^@HRN8MIB(%A!1KC^L@$A/08U#[V/
W7(

MT0#DZ+-N

L#9*E0*3L.%W:VF#+W&Z#



;0['7<B/3\%#'9AD]#)&?$Y.%^KG9!$$@H76#@_KC /4@9
MB+R



M8-YZVXQK-CH.N^D%L?D9%[\!4$L#!!0    ( *:$=THJRI?%LP$  -(#   8

MM+

FSDMJ5


5_A!M(# ]*
M
$=MI(LKJ4?GC5I84(KBS_


2G8+1 M



MWG5@[]/X)K_YVG_Q&TGM-7X_%E8_];8SR@E



V

=EH[(MK 3QYU:IS.6V][X^

MH+6POTZ@S)C3A+XYGF33^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL8:FDALY)TQ$+=4[OD^
I


M8_\8:\=:+L+!@U'/LO)M3@^45%+0?DG,WZN9Y;2N;BO\ 5%(8')9BC-
K%

MPA
G1XZ]*8

70/1''.:8O@Z9HE@R+ZDX%LI3OP?.-^&



M:&5E='


;^Y=8
M.]9R$0[NC'J2I6\RFE!20B5ZY1_






1L-;[KI!['Y


M='



MT/ZF1J.X\Z9IF.T
\JE&1IDGQDB@M-BRSZ3J;(L'=2:#@98GNEN'D^@L0A


M2P
$%     @ IH1W2L-B(:VT 0  T@

M/?^]0'NU:N
78(9Y;]X


5_@BNH$!Z5A!P5*I=64@W.HYY9@A0M7J9=

-MDW3Y$B%@TF3O/(N _O TYO\#I^F_;.PK32.
#1M

D-$M?7
\R;KQ

U? ?_HSM9M-C


G9F.=@



_4$L#!!0    (


OY
G'1.&8#+\QO[UU@[UG(6#NZ
^BU+WV1T3TD)




$%     @ IH1W


M;MLP#/T501]0)4K:%8%MH.DPM





M=GB J9YK2J;B/\
%%(9')9BCM
JGE92]#U9/+A%B[=QER;MPWBSNYY@ZP ^
M ?@,N$UYV)@H*?\H@B@R9P?BQMYW(C[Q]LQ-V5TIE:D.Q3OT7LI\$$S=HE$






M8BM++37T5F)/##0%O4^/IRS$QX#O$B:[.9-0R07Q.1B?ZH(F01 HJ%Q@$'Z[
MP@
H%8B\C)\+)UU3!N#V_







XG8Y]=!^#)



M7XLF74

P^9 
?./
MPHLRMV8B=N[](

M:PB^%^+$_Z/S?7JVFV$6Z=F6GB;[ H==@4
4.+Q9X@XF_;=(MNFI MO&:7*D
M
J..D[SQK@-[S^.;_(7/T_Y-V+;7CER




M3EOG^@-CMFQ!WN%/73^ID:CA?.F:9CM#8@J@K1B?+?[R+20'2VRZ#N9(L/!
M*=G!R1 [:W



MX$C
;O<1OO]'X7Z;(-TD2-!^M\2MV+2-TG8JJ<:3!.GR9(2ARY.
M\LJ[#.PMCV_R-WR:]@=A&ME9<D;G7S;VOT9TX*7LKOP(M?Z#+8:VH7CM3^;







MJZIC
GG\'DCC4;

M#4WB:-C]-W[CE8%WF1B-@ZB4?4:'J]*B'EA
*C5[[]]E8]_W_LMD.H3A #H$



MPYD9R[Y[ZB=:M$-GF(SMZ?HO4$L#!!0    ( *:$=TKTSO19Z0$  &8%   9

!#]*X@?4!
G)#0
MI*;3M$F;%'5:]]F!Z#:F-DF=/]^MB$





49$8(: K$0RS
MQ47VJ






M


MLK#47(*R
M7MDHGP;7HX9B$^!OSA

5]5DE5/)9@V

M6G4VIZUS_8$Q6[:@A;W'CI_4Z/1PGG3-,SV!D0525HQOMO=,UD1XLL^DZF
MR'!P2G9P



/L%P;SZ










_V&PH

$%     @ IH1W2A#/LM_L 0  9@4

@Z?H7O8']T)^U.=%*I&@FM



MF3]SRXM
JS[2P]MWW'_BU8&YMRE]

SG+Y&




*&S




HXNY.)FNQLT[1)FTRV:?O


MWN
R#[&S+G
U6L%[.&MD1BF9_GTH:8I_@M\
S;SOH *?.!M? -[/?AK-V*





M-RYX;6QM5.MNVR 4?A7$ Q2;Q&X:V9::3M





.G-'+E.+E*^NN!K


PY/DO[K*M#D^

T
MKR2[A18FT(5 5\+!^Y#9R%?^B1E69$I.2
U[/S#WB^






MW
0.O
C9539U1P_



[DV\H7=



-A@N@&#

M69853+






6('1FY@#)I8:]I! P P0/XA6J D3I3$0@G-*.O$BF)RV(HD





M4SW2T!3X2[K9
H\/@#\=C&8Q1S[)7JEG7WROYQX0R@LEZ!N^$$6Q#SD;
%40S_ TX@
M'-P[<7M42ICP1=7166CBK



MK9OKZ:I-A55#?$5D?LKE/U!+ P04     FA'=*+J#V
/8!  #(!0  &0


2YX;6R-5-MNG# 0_17$!\3 [K(7 5(V

5.
DM$

US@ 1BS3
;'




8)3$- _^K@!I\8


M

U*=!'IT
M)

F

&:%C(W?HV8XI;3$^?ZF_MG5;FHY4 4[P7XU1UUOPCP


V!O
M$=CQ\=Q@_@\!XA4@3H!\Z
)JT84!DSE
.R8AZSPFRVH\0!SC/(F)WU+JM91Z
M+.4+2P

D\'8I(OEHO.^0!)EF$

TT[(5U4!Z.-LT;MPDKK=DN(*BK@5#V)%AKSY0DI]HL
MY9FH5@(M71)G))[-EH33N@FSU
4.
DO%1;.Z@8


F7T3W!89Z%F$P%/\-KL
W)*8/0K!E/L-BHO2@@\N!H73
MMWZL&S=V@_\M#4^(AX1X3(A6#Q.2(2'Q$DA/YDK]1#7-4BFZ0/8?JZ7V3$3;
MQ+S


7@FD2'&2!@BP0@[D'@FD6

FV[?-^?_-OU5\9W*<]VHXBTZ7*N%YV$T& 09T_F'%?F=AH7


T+GAM;(64VXZ;
!1%?P7Q 6.


;+_L5IF_Q-X3<S+/-A-]^[<,].M,KO7G) D
M0U<;-&BVO2:\TX2/BF*N('\ER 




U+GAM;(V5VXZ;
!1%?P7Q 9AK(!%!ZB2J6JF5HJDZ
M?7:2DX#&8&H[8?KW]86@Q/'

[0Y+)O6NAX0SN/P6'I

M*U7A]?CB_E5GEUFVF

MI%8!
E%T;]98X*ID=/8^;H]5C]1M$AE]W=J43=;/Y/MX7+U75I7**S
AHU

69&R9SPF0/


DT(
M'(0:YG+
S%9J)H+VXRF!IJ.J^@]02P
$%     @ IH1W2GZ$GH[A 0  : 0




H4N0IOV<8]<Z'!1+E[





6RIZ+5UE1JH*WAK5R

HBE+0D+H--Z4=VXM-


VK6S[W1:J4=OFSC)2G S
M1J-F.VC03(
8B1.S$&36HU
M[3 )+'3:V GCTT&$T3N)$B]0X@$J'*!!@^<3947BKNW_5 \PV N#ES X<F#P
M8IH<85@XB[A;RA)4H/P=G-2+DWIPH(.3+N9!49RFT-VLI0YB7&1)Z@?*O$9

X\C=+X\N2K($N_\N
M

MXZ4 IIMI\P=02P
OVEX8(1I4MQQ'(00&I+8A3'8;CC'0]*G.[MA=ESD^*=CWL12!/C!'Q
6K%[LR.*


$

M-P5SW.5+N#WGG-?&YXU9G%3SW.ZEU
%K5=;M

V3



MAI

X#: .Q6B87;[UW67ZWRU:-0I:(85


(D4^868LB4N8
8



M4 R=BQ&.%CJO$O.4QPZ7 1PF@@O/Y#!0#P


M)X;[&0/]G+K]#$&S.M%H8]M]+7W+FUU1M\&3TF:/W.]DMTII:1+&5Z:9]N8#

<R_7!YB<

4U5LW33D8K<










M_I+Q^1N+I+]WP+Y&;%^CZ
*3AL!^16PKLLM6(
T:Y3M=9-SN)8 SZQX/U:OV

M%X)7ZB//.W]ISOX!4$L#!!0    ( *:$=TI.%&9=@0



MU:9MOVGB-*B 



M& T!(R


.(4
[
Q=(J8

! %)D\.10&L


MG3
A3-


MB;ZO]R_2^T&K-L.?!

MRHD?X#?K/M)<FPBM+.W 8


^:5R9[K=%.4^&R)%LS.8\@[S/6*





1XPO5)!+N%R,#9 1WL<Q\TL@F70+EK @EG!1N(JS-1$&R!$'#.H

V @N.9SU\Y$& P

7Q)24R)2


9U)


MD/8W=7$T7W_]\R?H^7]02P
$%     @ IH1W2I+='A7[ 0  ; 4  !D   !X


X-AU8UH@TD


M@K0613E.D^P#TL9+VGA(!](:U&48(P_V+S4TI]H&@!6HO^!\J\H
P'(@O0




M;(U6[8[:

V
M?XCMS



G

$%     @ IH1W2JVE




J61?._]_1:E-FJ;:4*997^WCXNULWC^_:3R+9FM(%L

HJ




M O-1*HS1:$3H60G@Z&H(# J-72ET@WKEAG#-@$)IN BVS2BKQ^*6G1?D
T



JC;&$:&EZ

M6C(]*O'[PW!0$AQ4' D8O$D;PK@[4%BO$6&3TZ&;Y+@FXKI-A0#+D6 QY7
M;EI1UX.(8LE'#!H\B-(@HU'==_C#.&7(HB5\*TP1U2J5

MYT8T.$3R1XDT7+^8W%=4122@+_.9XEPQB% $(KA]7#%IJ:A#'YB&VU84'P[-




@Q[
M#

'T];GZR#! ,010C(^L(A-


$%     @ IX1W2L-]K


M59VVO783)T$%S&PGZ;[];$



MVHB2-1ZGAY7_B!ZV*-






]
JCG+3$
'QB15

MCILP$$5_!?$!
2$0( *DS595*[52M%7;9X=


M)SC3*]
OHO\$8S^Q[XW-?X$;



AG&S!R?ZG



M






2)Z@*Y83$@!
M@!S3J^2#0+[N)E * J4 4.P I=Y)
5(?QP@7Q?G98[B% ;*0* 

MY Y+YK%\(B3+
A@E!U%R 5U4'R-AW)3,L$H0(PP


M$Z 2!H!(,?TJOP@D*^[8017*P0@%2XU:H7%1=KH9DC6@


+[J\F1-




!P  &0   'AL


YX;6R-56VOFR 4_BO&'RH^-98D]LVRY9L
M27.7;9^II=5




^UZ6
MR%R@)QM7R=$X;QIR$6J9R#4;!\2X$;2?9A^8!W#Q&U!+ P04     GA'=*


M L]+$





.U6M
M4-%+D7A^ABY::

M3Q=%V#KA8_'F!LCD=5(=\0Q@LC-DRR

DMAJ)[P3B
+(+)%:!Y$X@



AF Z!=!:6
MSZB);WQXNA#Q OO$T=V?3BS?$8-YS=&[E)8^R30)_$\8D%MWP2IVX9Q91B




M&XG(

X'?R^B/WBR


/UM



M2:JJE5HIVJKMLT





MS&G;H2)SL:
L
G'1K.W@*#UUX9S*CP
P


V<^LP\=_2MA/(E$#F
M!#+V,@JYRK]138M,BL&3X^Q[:G]QL=F-J4-NE&X/5.\

M(X8L


MJVZ?'3():&U

MJ:1)O%R_LW^UWK67'9&PX?1/NU?-*ER&P1X.Y$35

4)






HG)\H:







M6%DP0@-C96M


!1%?P7QWC$W XD(4D-5M5(K

W
[GF?L(FG5

MIXW[WE\7*ZTW@A\5=&+2=W22/6


GM!
!0$8X$?/2P(AX)P5H!Z
M
A/U Y$DSSCK'-Y_K);H?\)?AVHS#WK2[)UYI](*-7O-XSC.T%4;#9IMKPDF


MYZH1SIY)=0B:H^K$F 1EYSVI4*6ZO

5F?\!

9

M:&5E=#4X+GAM;'U5[8Z;


Q(X\S]A-DJJ&(_?$C5+
_^Z!L';G
MA_XC\%I=2ZD#*
\:?(4?('\V1ZY6:% Y5Q1J4;':XW#9^2_A\V&K\0;PJX)6
?#WO_$ ; @*%U I8#7<X %:2-GXTVOZ0TI-',\?ZI]-[:J6
M$Q9P8.1W=9;ESM_XWADN^$;D*VN_0%_/VO?ZXK_!'8B:R<J1\&(





Z(VC41RCP
MJVFYPBO8K9;Z'SN*#EW])=)]R(KO5;?OFO.'3/=4?






^6.V+C=;.*[X9IMN=XW'_Y*UC4##


M.U;

DF?:ZR:0W
MH6GWQ\FH.TE&O;$^G*





&[O+H/;:7L





'E02JSG\ON[%YFH/WJE7Y693/F+H*#[9Z+A@^\#(
MJ\





MQX2#N._B6
(;R&EL-*]V'QD%-7IPG_?/
JK-
ORX$ZW_O_]GVN]-?JK'[.
3



M'6K.\


M.EA_O8%QZ&^=


M^;62($T




IK+V7C(9#9+QI.='%3OQZ]U&3PEWHV4S

+[*[$O9L






MW^XSWML%B1Y0B


SH6

MW


M/WC!6$%%VPW/B#CIKYV;3D@O#ROP(IKJHO$A_1WNGYD;94(@M^ 8:$14DQ+5

M!W08T@KM3 



BZ
@PW_^0X#



N
EX0&+AFY(W]T3 #
M\2'_.YX0\C.*EM&5C$ DEG



M@;FUOQ1)QC

G=@IZ?+^[%\6FZ1:


1N/I$:D7C(N#+
T8UYG]#HPU3?
\I7X
V $X -


W-_7E]
\F

_O

@W0+H@)
$
$8TH9U\(7+V=N*(BWU!*:T*$1ZK=-C@$JP4Y3QE/(P@64I$Y

!I[:/F9902Y8

\G(AJMKE%\Y#8





M=8V3 ?T:\8Z0[:;


1T(TM*

NO%H
$PFXTF$&83.R-WA%$.]^)=^
NX.DN%P$FNA'#_G


M\9E4#92(]YAJ0TMWW6DN1[UN'SYVAP\SV.A(!IN
IGT\4V:Q\
?9..GVQPTF





%GD=8LL5O.@E
[C'PU58[!0UZ%J-:5
P?KXB$OJ=0.\'.86!&A
MQ

I&X


+;$8(M+, P9J_3
M'_V I]GKS+KQ#_ _P[[\?3*,?X@N51:L\B5-6GA;OZ,N&/,G^ZP?O-DA(UX]
M60G8&\SX$Y,9?G$RY;]-\7NOM4(AQMG@?YA&HFDJ7KHP7#\7(X_4-2 BK-+









'BE$8'41E[+RI9P
S)SVVV10^ -A






OGX295ADH!L BY2



M)9F
MZY


MBAXD0\;
C#P8&HOP5&//)%XH=:3;&4_/7H#MV8W1E]!+)I.N/XBY2;4Q^.W!

N\-(P&+;5H1%@:-9
AWV_A&[
_[^NS
9R?8
D]EXF$P&P^.W
MI]?I=F5[AK/Q

MV'EJG5D2UY6MU.75P+I!L%/%0JOR: PUP3RT=E[.IKE$JC*K\G]'(K8!:7@
MM#.%X?B&9&)9GPH._%DV+6Q#



M;B#7 8;N:^5:%YR\+


!72LU6Y-
M 0$N?\# ^VIE$S5#@]QA[A)2(KO?R!6#A?1\*OH)TU0TM61@A^P&&7*PQO

M5TZ(V4H?$T97F= !
JA4:XMMLIA.R4GT13T/-?P5
P=-':.0%KFZS&Q
M$(S
MU;'D3XU0-.:W4E

X1':-XQ

R-Q,DM;R*<#*8RF5^HWP&[I!A\T9NJTW
M%U-F'I@@B@++FG3GK7F1+K%X_#5P

G#B;RNZI







?1.--F\YF_LFN]V0+FW5YP#MC
^Z??-U2K:N]
O38?_4/:US

[-QGO.97M=^1A
ER6EPH?X7SA.Z4)']
G[KR

M.?(1;^$[$$\%R90C![XVJ&SH8-S!92 'Z84K.&%C3=NA2
?E'#Q*J:CB#]GV

I-D-NS+_SA%,]Y]GO9',.8T'O9G27_:C_I)=S!.QKT!C#\:S9+)<S9OCZ0
MO5/4



M-!A.DVEO*(E TQ&V!*HE'S6!0#%VP!4)!8I0@M
#Y@^\MR+$@7?O+MI?$I-O

*
MM: 9/QAVQOT?(I
 T;Y0DZ7P_LK@NI%Q!

S8/1]9@0EMK@0CM]20&K9.+
OT?



M;+PRYB5=]G0;!+[S:98

M


I0Z+


#]4\_170YL#V^P
MG83SK$_ M'4






M%=6%%ND#\ _DII
D7_



DX&8$A+_7O2ZW=91DC9


?M&5#);WV5W#KZ6KBTNHY]

V8R(UI#H%N-!10#[3TDX_GQVRS=6)V:

P@/N&*?!QH=0]QJ*JCB!J /6XYA]

DKK'77J=F(*[^8;






MUAQ8P3IM!N;#*V\&$\A2X]6S






M4:D,L/GZDGA?-V<=T[/1XZ=I5)M&8IS)TI)SIT;\]VD2%K5DWM'/6&K'8X

8T#=$B Z7.OQZ7^G
06?($MK&AXNLR=%QDW-C
M3M'-2DWWMH/.34VD )B@QQRNAX#3D-O;X

)M/A):'RL6NL.!%

P[\E1&G:'46IUH)(7E2VT@SX


M^


MRWN2\V-%(L;*8EK%^)GF_6C3ORTM!X@G4&%4\ROM
'*?(-6VKC*E5\2YV]
U0*G_@5^8&NGJOH\<P]95
MS(XPY07F )

/HN2^HF887UY%G
M'(


Z+F

M.YJ-YB)N(F&[!3JUL*21/#AP0Q91PK4*!(


M;0S3'Z)V_!N@PS-L;\






0@OAOCC&O'7:D&;8;!G
8ZZI24Z.\&J
MP2*Q*;4R-J-F+3
/
)FH+#%<ZCW
M10)X_QQ32!/U!'&G%M ?^[?:2U*AL&!:: XI\4#=60XG(&'4![03\T%B_5
W
MOLN&^(M\8E'D5+

.NI*NG

M^5@CH7@X-!5VQ%

MJMZ74]'1-I^O-&X BNJZM A-P(/A\





MY3K1
303_Q-H)MI/
VW7X+O13'209N)_*



MZWEBIEQ?3L$'J'6[6'R2%H\1N;#0BZSY9.XM\-#AI?VEV'IZM?A28?%\FJ\L


M[+W)+.F/9G$+EX%I.KR.12P6E=CZSLHXNFL]T4)N!S

M=]EZ

J \S[-9W7A-J]:J&Z?*0NUN+-
MI0(DO]RJ67Y$!]OK$7_!Y#*IE.;;S$E+@ASO)(5C2D*7FK#MTY+HI%N(8=0C

2!OG7=1
(1:XO@)*: ]C
=CIX'1-\QDV.\10]LS








^



+6JHV
-?:8KP*).Z\)!!7.)E;S)*%

^Q3;:.=F1'$V-05 J*V&X 3+IRKJ#23-:-/M%FU47 ]/
MIPFR0=YW? !


M?C*-&TQ_!0S_D/5




M^+X5T*S*-F3EM74

MCKCY
[GFQUV#Q9W%

M24

M662&B?Y[00-#T=EWK:8JC-7!9F_J@^$

M2


N7D0[A0._Z3]F9FJRI[

M+A.R7

MU?H22?Q1@\K\#7NZ%))9&EEX7+(K29G@[-!*X1QM(105TIE?3A/)G]]B=V#;
MR
(F#E72-YV[LF


T!VY+5.0;?\)TI4
MY40A*HZXY79E7/+;_+Y^%/E_Q/8IOO77S$Z;VWM4B5


OU66/6O=AM.X:&N)-5/

GT+=IE;GP8


P
%2YXS]I?%)_F&KE27L<V4PKX[JYKB93M[[3AH*)RDMIY&M1I@C;

1WA?6J/WQ=P#U38

M?\:3T(QGU%=.#I0Y




93]



^-%Y]

M/:Y3:58I6^M7CT3& G=3USC?^$77_V 
Z
FHN^H9N
MK)@ZSOD?F9W=1(KR9!G
]8P()ON!*FMIF&TEEN]%4#\UVJ%WO4II$10]0[
MO



M
_WX+ Y])S+?D687]
@6'EG;J=SJ(]HE1Z

C^G

MB/I9('?ZR/A$L!
++)1A!C:88OTD@9F1



!Q_X@# &G4?.]MG

31G]D!MOXR1
@\.-V\]E85(VS

O(['QW-0OC
$8


.\*FP$
QB9!/#.#;3-C@I42UXVXC'-7)

MHN';H-\-7Y ?(K;C+C8&7.Q,^1B9\B(^.T*'N'4;DDV2=TX/XQ&,HMAGO!.
M@H+OL E)H_*^VE@6'_!M)O].4?P0L0K




?+X7E!S1_ M-N]//U;?'









G

OFL=)X
5BM(



M69


BD/K
S(TT CB\!Z[:9
TKY4HQLH'$JC:]?T
=






M8[B0S%.J_THWZ&


MS


$^7]/EN1UE-_R@E-&-A@'+BN9ONC4?P6K%

MTGA#(YKY3PG)D_3I^_=/DDN]+VRCA&]9++^YBB(LO
J3@G)\7)

MC'B

JID8)5YXQ;0O0
&@E#
M@)PK5.VH@

/GOKHK=VWP+8I


MF@#4.S3:6L1]4=ZC
B_028HAK;L2XY

U2ME)C:T7

M *
WH*/DIJWQ
O_?2,&\C,E5% : SFWP83D#
'_JAAQK]!\^W/:KZ9&@@@


5B(YOA%Z&$]3R1E));L*YF?DN[6E;V0=QA:W&S/


35VC(TW T; $);
MAKN;I-S^CECA'9:J6UCR3O36KQ)WA\

-)]B$<':@
]='

MNI*Y!:Y_@O]:
19@B/;;'_6M'B7

C]&6A
MFFI/X9S9ML#9\N ?.;J&-^V(1[SU

U[&

9&.JZ/

JY1^)9E5O.

M
?YED/0&TZ3?&X)J4E4OXQM94A*_MNLXMVL8#F?)8-2-1X-A
FO







BNZ
B$/C7H^L

M1M]W(_=B?X?E13UIY6NPOYN*YQXP\-$/5'[=F2%R=Z\S[
O?)\
]*.']CCK*

MUV!I
RB\R1Z%R%Y'
DO1H)<@T%FSCSJ6@7/:;NR_]0_/9&



M_P@\%PE]3A

*W5W3YF$(

K9 /_&FH;R1
M'NXU3HM/M :0\$V$0K4^.4<QI3@Q+Y(!4)!@#;CJ_

G(APS

U#$8Y
*G6HHB8P(
M/2CW.P:#12_I7!M ;+U'*'W#^CN3FOPH-T[#PQI?B(-\ ?Z_WXN:K '_?9!X


 MR]

]11/.&WA0\D

M/\GT)JN '\;






I+M&2:S\39
M#(;';T^OT^W*]D@CS4/;,TUF_4DR[8[BF[Q@9_'S:ZB*B5]#4V0Z/G5G^0

M*0)0





MV AC=.R[T]F8\(L6;F .OUK'4K'Y)$$N2O.F/!FG48F-U9#VG*A74^6$=9VI
MQSQJK
5\KQSQZ9!LGC3_)&Y';?YD''J60(3YF#A$B1AG 4I21=E&N;72M^




/7DXFI7




;H#.\

TKN20Q/IZ$!+1 ?%7S-M
M\AE(()\HLZ.! W(CX)$NCPP !Q?LQ;]TVO6O#6TE*I=FH3%7[EN[!V6BAU5
M_/:_L+3

<Y5V

\G^-=^

M:.+ *T'J

M+:DWI

DA
MZM0ON?MTB*!1W3&;Z6H]\)?^6/12WLM#6^MPM]\T9^K[75E1;9P[:S[R72XM

XCVJWQU+D:)WTPJ
9C@BQ&F^&;KS-P
M:%)RZ5/3[I$7NOZ6SART%.GEBM






/01=QJL-(T26+JKA




M5@QFH)LTISR9AO[Y^*^U;
\D_+7I



M( E_ 0R?IB

MUU@$7+F
ON/7:2[?+I-+RXY[L[<W0-MR;F]+?9C'\NN6020S'H S-(
M&:%0B'1!,%DNJ7JJL:6W6.#$&8OMIER)<YWA9SB1&][*-PS3\03_5&J9M12I
M8MD8LT=.N*C%597**BXD+*G8V+306^;+[=,95JO)\<4GH]X/ISK&9UZH CYY
M S?2P*\-<H?M&$A&KP5'SAH!B/,PPCG#R*4K%#)MQNUAXQ!'1'1<TYVJX0A
MF



M K7\&+H?34)7.4:T!0^WWS\JME#)-$D74TUPVJ*:;Z&9#;5AW2VV'J36NF
M%!JY%S0_:OOLQ#
=BOU$@H %9MMTB*]YEZCM4%H85_M
KD!
/'
VX]!:_0DT

K%[+%#%.MXV61#4)#3Q=![


1\$;Z@V^
M]
E7VCMEJ_R.V@J:0R6 L=O3&!0!9X3P

H%(29
MSC+++(5T.Q



M.2BXZ!Q:M[@I

MB@ZG


]7V_:
MC2LO0



MK7SO9E\%)Q::U04A0'/'YH)
;B;3QHB



M=DVJ&7)K4&K
@E-.#/(T'M3HC .V;_VO#SO
/EL]G9'3&($(RS/PC'NY4I

Q8FA'/]9Q 8_\*A-=5.Y%=IE$=6O%]_;'ES
M3KIU W,W?&&,)\;.^RNIQ8&2F9P9E+*]I'/DR)JXAZ1SYI#1MXYK'OL3D@JZ
M,CNLM^[Z]Y9N-








MG


Q5_M!
P&I[


'QQ 87M.LDXO?L\4
MU-NDH@ DR3]JW=Y*)J&5-$Z%4*UZ1W(!18?$8JML
MRUU7VABD]%$)?J_?^KW:S^BV/8 -$'CC %H O3%H1Y8)









M9X%=ZAWI\1;I!D9KM62=Y
E[%[YSV1WQFSWB4QS*'


M%1(H??0UF6L\V:L-NW9DGHI*AQ$N9%G;5K#_836]$ZA'!I!0V@ .H'4$7HJ4

MN2J1.B:HE&#:B F:XY*ACJC,K1LAE]-J^

M

M


=VN
M#Q]-FTTW6IZVY]+RH7ZXV]#7^?&.$$Y54]FB670AZW]W8[XV;6K)'P86L_
MX)CDK.SXG?8+

M(A+I(:G
Y-^7E





A%6]/I_LB@AE6_'%1A.?Q8W=WBJ5G8CQT3?M^:1(

M&Z XFL60'(Z@





M[F^I!:.Q#]HVYN77@'11


MN
^!


M(M&4S*+!


M0N^-BJYU5*:C0^$*6:ABMM [F)_$(MV\'2@FLE#%GO ^9V*6JA%JJ8+?3^
M_

M+%3O8::-P%)
9*&:V4+O8:;JKW*A&EFHYEZF09@UM5-+%1SYT(0D^9-;)0


M;'





MYO






WGJ1\1X=-_9![_


M8LX4:[


MY;(NJ+3%IDVWY
%Y


1
MJ=\Z)96_&IY:G^Z'?;%^/7P_]





              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE
M+W1H96UE


M:&5E='




4     FA'=*26T*


  !@


4     FA'=*'!.LA[0!  #2 P  &0              @ &0+@


M

4     F




M%     @ IH1W2D-#G-^T 0  T@
  !D              ( !*#@  'AL+W=O


4     FA'=*ZWZ./;0!  #2





M970R

M971S+W-H965T
C

  !D


M% 
4     FA'=*$



C8N






M  @ IH1W2@6%9%VT 0  U@

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     FA'=*+J#V
/8!  #(!0

Q+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( *:$=TH\U'5




M

4


W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *:$=TJ6.Y+
V0$  !
%


M4$L! A0#%     @ IH1W2@5YI90] P  $@X  !D              ( !'68



4     FA'=*K:6OG64&   %)0  &0              @ %D





4
M GA'=*P



M A0#%     @ IX1W2JAZ:=48 @  ?P8  !D              ( !^HT  'AL







M2P$% ,4     GA'=*'^H3&3,   /!P  &0              @ %]H

MAW   





*1Q(   (? 0    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-17-002786-xbrl.zip

^/

;DG7C+MIP_TMY3


4N'RPR\
ZUN[H@S]_3+X<3?<Q=3X^VQS([YJK4, ^\@*4
M.9\C=,1(T6\KKX&,%]QO*/IS=@KXOL8 .)+3M)L.E_X]Q.)$XZ+MDQ*!9\C
M!

1




]NPT]/4\DR@Z(V[\(+I
M&V.G-.0;=MI..DVZ:/U,YC270I6R9MCJFP2-*RU#6M=6\]32M-OUMMCJC3D
M&W;:ZN##?0D$?0)5DQB3@'AOC*6R-P51I;Z1);]=+=H8V'O_'PI[T7H:E

40;_;0$FSR]
MNF^#34)$&S;9ADU.
Y:T0N8I

MLAV87?$V\FWP981IPRC5:&NG%(A6(VVMR8#8Q1'\IIAUGT=PPZY;.(I9;870

J.=U/KG\2;VSYY,&SQN1DKM,DM9 *
MPK7(-JRSIE9)PRZ'9I=]E5_AZZXG3IY+=S9SG<? '?]Q&HL=VJIXT@1++$7G
M.OGGU1:$G@?<-WU ZS[A6E:J-D9]H-AF;?.I3&W L-^4SRPE@9OA!]$ %FT



L67C5!$0Z60_((-RYMD-@W(KE\VA42NW

\P==TX8CY !O \GW76WYS _+6F7H-4=X41]='


MD[Y[OL%;K2U_0B*O;MM]SVO;Q5J
ZE
@W;\E'ON+




MR;N


;)/I%A7W7LP9M&]$;XE&3O9
MAO'-
O:!.S$VC+VM
ZV1V(W$/GJ77XG&N6^6L1N)?5J
G6R?^V89^\ ==!O&
M+LC8JF#LQMG1.#NV9G.U

M^%7#DPU/'CS
)UU.-B52FQ*IM1::#8

Q*N[K]U:7;7_WX*V3H9:X?]7VE$8AM^N01







M0O7
L!\

^G(-\(D
MCY[2



M2N]Z&U9M6'4[5N5LM.OX%:ET&7SNM

<6MU$<:2''B%M

&)*W=&_
 :7V(9)N]$K+-;9PQH
M/1D_+Q;!U/6LI
*;BO0!%WZ?91N;A:_1PN]#'5EGL31

Q'C?V/[[:!5/G






Z6M8:#Z
%!MW=/)%MX-T]2ELLH^LC^:



TX-Q$C3
+%F#1./2Y@T[%
S
M]JE/3L#E]7TB%?OZ9P#
H-4^]5J*L%6]#M5*B'MI7:AOW&



MB6'[A



PSF*.T6%WY @15=7W8[_8B




J!@G]5S6 0XL!Y/R8M5+


^_R@
MU0Z+KP38:.K:YNUL[KDO;)]OP$*O'18W\^A@@=OQJR?5 2%X';*@8NQV3Q4

MYB


M?63;0]:?G&^
M=]#*[=$L\+6#T/4X@2^W\_8&/:V%=UHQ8[I3?-D[YIJYZETVB=[J9U8)!4
M0IL#PRRIF_O3N7)


M^.%8)4ZT!
OVX)_^&G9-G;$Z.'-OK4K@3#L') _T[E6##9-5JQ_DPVQO!ZX$
M3G6D.B3T:X(XDJ(^M+FL1L94=I?W=
MM'-]?8Q51:BLWR=5^S9SCEZ)0W
3[
6]-U7CMPL(5DZM

MI

MRAFSVV(@UBLU

E5T5L==KK]3AE@4I.-MJ)
5QMJ

M3ZR2!O2U/


BHM^?EI2A2/O+CVVJ^%H=(\0 D7[%\A6!535P


M[8DR
TRB&
<([!%9FX'L#%VNW1
MWV'#+GD2(17R[858P%+#FP^YE


M=* HJ



5?'()S2:O

Z#T!49.[ 5)^U-.E




XWIS^X=C
M




M$]2G_N;:

M/O5\LO)=WCR75DOEDD

)B!

M;9]I?4X2_#R



MWOHTO

2$U?6%&*C:R;
:8SW8MC&XZ+W


W9L[7S+IRQ [+S+%7OI!GR\$U_V+86&9Q7=NDHD1?J^NO

M


MZ(P9=M= D.\

U(RXL7R

/V<H 5]Q;R:](KRR-C









2W*=VLQ[71[$JY5@+R^
M/LZ-



M4V-:8_%H&$
I-NQC[-S5$I4 LV2*=T!_C\1EL
M/U@MR&8
4\$:\W0RROV



M
[;FAGWK? -


9J5;%#(FD.95_]FKAWDD3BG6(]]=Z3XL@GEX%
MM8K.:+^SA#*'35WT1KY@Q[=.'S2;3K*CP![PJA
]RW127:O:[J6#WJ'H^3?:


#B4]^+(#9LK:^RY8Z?@PWND:Y?RQ1@

DM+
M-N'




M@K9:2N.28)

\-IL2]:
M@JDR:]*.,.OH)W9MC6



@@;

M1YD!#@C8!FP-T%^ =+YK6V;Z
F;  +




MP.BKZ%]VKCQ-*2MYZQS2-5FI^YO!,9J66)EHV26_YZ248\^=S),^K7.*N.

WA18W?E@[?T5
MY&RUM3[8*.K)T;!6)58[VAY+K&I%?6Y-B=6FQ.KA1$D=*%0#25%;Z5!/;60'




MQ]FR-M5@]6





:/*Q)YV+#K_KU3[5TG]!^U
ME%7;ZUDVF!*/&!.P2QL6W1F+:A6*U/6
67F&0 Z/9G::P
TB6'A$# $O&C8?


FA66!CF?%






/&;R]F(&L#M6*D

M RWOW&-W1IZ

MDKE]=[)9BTQ7^
C2VVU95&?-53%
_QPO?-#O_GEY?7]'

ES.



!<,VT-96]T-/E<+@O#=8_S+=V(; 3$?#*\RF:_VAFU9:\T_
M?;6 %[91]7ZWNPNP;YT'#S1)R[S^B6EXE9@U9^J@KZKK.4^9Q4P%C9T^YK:

Y6'I_!9U-7U;K\H


==




RP U F-BC0^[YZUA\#JE
_9

\
MP@;/G +R8[V[0M*N$\

MW^1&_C-^_O/'-2
E5QT.=A+XEPO0=9W2DK#;5X?#H;1A8J


5=W5M22M6[7?F:*'7P
MTA#D.S_U?K=?$ +AKUXFH\N*

M6RYUM]_3Y6C!=9-LUNE1^H_8%\#!4B J6LK30^[U^5V\GY53^2?+@!^K*
M8#CH;9HD,QQA]Y6VUW 3X_Y4S(GV1:@7&NM]G6]/2@'D'0AO?61J

N;
LZ



?/9ZIW.MJ@X/P9,8I%-&^UVU6U]*U0<+I<6';484]-5_B2TWTG
M@0%U[PV/.RXZ(.H6
P6E#.NR



_M:D_K[5)J





M ]WD&0I/7WRCZ*K:DVN05#Y_?G_+QBB4;6:OP+.^U?R%/@[@:2X)V*G!GC


3C=/:9_MX:J +V16


MGAH^K:@6'G@7P


)?QR(MR$&0ED.FOS,+&YBX05M

-A:!MPIEI&SL+%-L
MEK+IK4@$6$E^$9%


IDLI!(

M5/&-Q9BT%'CO#[+
^#%\3[%=8T)'=^D]CV_-P*#VZ&]
1M$W_-@RRJQ'(6'.


M
L,\LBH=Z0FBU.+TJO1D'&!OVB38<J7$V:(
M&#9
!U\P5R&RF

M!P$
CU'5S89WGUG4#LA(^)W

AR



GY=&:S6T %H%!]I#E!+Z+5@@%2CB6

.%K*.40'@%
% '[.*I%
MKDS ?.'FT'K3N&0N)U?+'?AP^Z$C0U 
)6&#1[)@H(KV&N/$X)?#EF
K2



(+KST2[Q%3!
0!@D-GB?OL-$W 5JYR!&%S;L


MW1ESRBT5/ +$@+'9X/D[8ZDP*@Q0D?)=1@NQAJA


$(/!$O.PO
3#C9WQ&#$

SSRD$_Y&[1Q)-.8N7F7K@Q
M:%W?-;PS!%5A LL+T_OP-7-'2.@90%(XTW'%

]!99XA@[-390(H



GV7Q&K:/R@B')0ZCDNW1


M

ML0MTG:KL=NJCXWHS6-^=75)IRIGRN)C-#'; 262@8$G^#$&

;9JX-FA[

M*2^]#[HPP$K\
;:0\^:B6%YR@LMEP8+XV-UOS.J*U,01+Q$3WII)GYSJ &

)2

.U[Z
=.






[$YBXUKA4Y
IU9R*Z<@QKHW
M1]XZ02840!\M$F5J/4]!P;(M4(Y-OFV!VQ?



M(QB\U-BOJQ)-9* H40

3V)F*A^!T9D

.@/L$/5


0-C
23%T3 UR%SQSC



MZ_;?#DAW@\5PIR!\G[&F]MX9
I6%M'


I*_1:HNQKVJHTN['
M4.,I]QN%?MAT

3D30B9IOPDO!_&
!-=[.E2LRAQ\L9I?QD$]T
M8* QMD!SCYEV&&F+DN2
YN4Q^\U7



GV!%4)%U1^^9#T]3O01-&^TJTJYN
#CY;R(X^28\F6ZC8()&
MU4I2[\;U

)B[OH\#LMB*4ZVBS?BK? J
A[Y;22NW1EY$U=
H)U%L5?24V&Z
M)?G)8A9994P?5&J+ )/!:^$L*LW3,^C,?L&KT+%:C@$4QHTB3YWAA3$@V;

QICG(8IRXSYB ^?O+0;HE /J9
M795A;!AF4+



ML

V11*+




:.3

KNF

KW


MME4?I

NFD@1-I0O:%?/8ZGV/X@%!CP*OX\<TUBGRN_
]:(]T 0TXKEPRAYME!Q





M&.

IV4


M:2$_J1XTA21J]R/%8OC6;&[3BRTYZH;'KQBTK^O
HO7
J'8E(D5?+)]&QH'6



742.X E#]Q4
X)$)G@XPDD6KU(J9*!Q8
MG!;S\T/(SQ4 -]:P8+[ 

M-R]=$TZ7

MVZ;]E06H((!

ME6I*Q#P3HBF*BQ

2C@D]R24'[^-)OQ4!
%:/CT[@O0Y3-

MN32R6 C^BV&C@?%!
#


E/[3.!Q8$? &K
M=A;RB32_J'8G8$.])(CA'?TB
U(KX@ 6@2WL XD%SI4?PH)FY:V]I^ \\_


!@.UU6U7%)]Q:N(O
M=/


MOJ[

B=5VFTH@7&S
68


X  V
 J3^@T%%J9C$5YV5YC
1?RD








+-15CX
MV*SGZ2U )!2%=\:/9!UR9VC0QB;&PLXHG:/Y!;LJ(FL0_X4^1':F+4;(P33#


XQ3&ZDSZ&/3R0NX.S+W
M4PSC\I8+T20)J;



$50J^*JU09R!F




@9CSFH!BAIPJ ;3&0PYIL[-  Z6U:8QZ&+EKF4/%)F)P%

*CZEWUM9:(3!)1]-7K$7DWD]Z&H?SE/%
)..\I!TYV#+
MP#1W1FA5M$+7M




MR-HZ2W&+%H[ ZNQ\4)(C..+**&K9.3;\J3(!O9J[:-@:F7%5=$4^[40'VN0:

\J6-


M
1MC(K_)^-JD_81QD/XS5



MJQ4&4? =PQD
:SZ^2NY4[L$5\3WL2&'.6AZQ)(4&195EDSN(MGP.5Y(S

S$
E.:.$TI)!G!)[4_[6JB(?,(Q(V'G;;E
M82=,<13BGY1OP(SNZ]GC&+8<7CBRANIL \X *VJCTVV3(L&C*YQHK+@2#HD


O+5-_T]C'1G!\P&4T@&:L7Z*70IW(_<
M^Z&3&='D/GYVVQ^=)AE7KZ)2


#]
M.'1I3:)@%ZV)!3(L6^[]
8PUL\RLY8$*'R%
:@XZ*PE+%['M(&BE#:;5]+




V'TR
M!L%Y%@VWHF.PL

IF^=^
U[B/XP4
M\%%K2%^A2KN/#(2-YBXR^64MH.Q*+:4G



##
M64=]]SFVG.'JS(,P0_)P2<+X88$?OF&<?T<Y4P0%J$X1HL]J/BY@)L\8KE=





[XY+%)676NU.[U6



=EKEB\H!6M'C:*T_I@2FL\KD_Z#?[BX5&\)AF-E.,!OD3D);-


/D4T7L5;YQ

C(R


PT!_VO+E
AG3LJ7GW;Y\_
; UE^
MQ=SZ[P9NPJM(2NS!02D98!$'+)



/ ==V*C0) PNMZ+!'#WLAI&@@#$;B.: F
MV/Z.)KQ72BKS U0!FYUHBJY%V&@,*Q9*G@0_*)B)'AYIIL59]2\ [1)-]3




/%X



=1EO#W*9T5KEH2*2Q



V%HQ60W58AP'CAPT2H#=
M!=

MXD3:?4(J5!*[M=X'#CTM=C580F

M)\*;4;]C-YM- DR3DZ!.#'3 2&N!BU_EE0F1

MLV[Y$=T'83RCTT8/3C9!*-LLI=71H*PX3+$D?!FN/@!-LS61YV:'I;&NP1

M_R1P#F%3H8PG4FS+29#DL6JDE'J=X$4@BBS[XYP_R3\.(@GS XY:OO7)U^


M_DRBP2L^
]]OD]JT'.%G=:R?S*=;MX,^G:GVV8MT!_8K7:3G1X!)6!OT]?


YG.7SS$=
M7

H

M%4+SYU1'\&

+B)D




MIN9&O+2I18:CNIBL6_WVWFW:JO\4DT9:C1 :8N_HT4
6[B8?K)ZHR3%VU


J^P




M0Z9-Y

*H!=]@ HHT)HA9UN-H_PS3:.^EOWL7I+6\2R^T


V^LDF4.R 8EG

K;XJ*]YUYG774

M%IX4&@7G0I8SE@'_.0Y^@-8
$5XBQ57*40I2'-TC3B6+L

M(]3W6Q4FGK4H/7]W[G@19R::J8K ^AZ;X&_ZTD2^E99D+B$T?^5-?RRX.?_]


#H=\F&!K/
\HGHXP$2$
'MFF

'!^M9?


*1G
'R=!?
M+P  !:YH*E40L11+H?VB2-5)^ -8M 0!0'.'
X_J_!=O,A)EW7 DP9'F
MD39^0)X^.4^RH09

P(A'F=^G


M=


%Z)T=.#)CYM8T[5?5H$


M'S;??_9


MW46SM;-O9V0C-\]T-K8&]]8;P\IMBM=XO8IFK00(+ZH;W%J=Y@-\







M-35X+U



2YBJ$&S=(
MRU=Q;0+


@V




:PBK

A

M\.1^%=9)JPGFB3E_@_%$&/.C-EDVX.S%]26]!N-=H\FG*QZ_AF(F0E4A3MRV
1$'O+UX'^QNZOKB3M!_\8E$PB':S&Z8.W4'6S5%6\UD3&BO7FG96!
M^]$D@J%@<.3A69QDO@^F!J-7.P\DL#T0EBT0.5Q$1E@#698/-6?#TO4/
M[@[J:0-@H-F [S1;##S&';\HZZ$H,(G*F=XII)=!$&LYDT&6IA&;Z)-@





M J2E[3\FZ]XH[RS? V*&TBJ;0
34$CM%\Y*UK/1M!3#M2IV%B X(
Z/Z19B[
M8ZQ 68CK$\8(YE'5MN

M6RIB]PZ6P@F?41K@$^GN
;'=EA [-=);OQ!7SFQVHW)WL_TQVG:OA3JU9?W#
F/3$3'-6$(<DV@(]4!_@EP 9


&I'^H


BOV!F]5LMNM=JK=@(=?J3'/5=IWI:
M=E-AI;'#H"RI%FG8;(Z;4+I).U!$H9D9?=9#VYPB-K ZLD
MIG.!S87?S*
MEYF

(6QSZIF KAPHTD21:RX*'#5?\7;X+J0



M9'O&VU9H\?L_MW)MAZ3 S-DU2S!3E$8#;$2M$W@7+K'EH$J%DYW18&7,S;6
MX5*^XMVF_8SO&.=P&K7GL:ZL



V3XV
MY\?W=MY])0/'[C!8'H_W@#6\H[[=W1I1H?H<K :@5?GKV6J4M9A[4CS'P&K1
MJN:=D5YZ$%53A=.MRHJDORI@)ZHK&ZHIB5R -[\+M
I3T]\RY&=JQ/DS*O9






=9:ZV1ALVR[UE1@Q6OEL&(JL







A#97= )Y.





ML78^CFX7Z1/IX.T.3]CP+.
$J+QW
ML,B7<^L<^;W'CHM'97#!@5T]9I?<6[$:]([I04Y!UVC.=^I
.?WV.*P5NQ5





?)TY;IBR'D?0[+_C G3;;
!IW0/?)P$L

UPU_*




M_K16;2OOS4Y
\LH(+U3(K_T.#J90ZA5
S+GE1N1UJI
;_LU^+;NM#2OS!NE=

MH[HB(D*D&RV';EAH(UO+-C(

1W6-3?
M/'CF;__W_^!.^A_U(C!G[L9S\.^B:W^*R:% D? GP
#Z%-X+DLCRG

M0-8B#98+0

]1<PB)8D_ 5,+E5J6IN^[?B6


%W(1S4K9/]+R^AL$TF9BLH??PHD'=
MC%DY?N;?C3)\):)R;'L

:%
MXTY3-<_FE2OD(2J3.7:V1&9

4#BNGC];2/MH \+7C-E^8Z#G'S4[($

!+^#:PYG(SA/=#:B-&##'ZB_+#T%0D/SHE\)#;]
MD5F/\&58/7SDHMUCS4AW._8SHH;FXK:DF!LMG_JL\S0;
N'#)\GD96@421^





_6&1[LAI#

::5@??%9%I.# (,/@W,FXVR+HUG4^][
MBI^=DL(!SROQI[A%&A6]?ZWJ



\

MRC1:O2#BA(($9-#?*(! 1
AT^]0J&KO8&L)RYO@AZR(3R#4X]%:18B[-7ZR+
M\:4UP1@G



11^


\!CL2\1KQ;PQ


_*XI)%'M;B67V3;W$7AOAHMVVJN%]DTG:86T8.):/L(


M_
+_D
\/E


2^]\
$(J
M7^(ZSVR:DD6E)QYERM#U7(NOYN)[

MI[0K(Z


/2$6LF=Z[ELV$^&2W\..4L&\WRQ !&3[@CQXMYY



1.J


)G4 9GG.JR C+/#4W;?
(DZOE
MQVXL*^=H:3!.%=ZN90U0R=1AYJQ;Z49[P:%JJ_G+.DDNU3BPB6[8KVC?#O




M@MD
#QI


9$C*Y B#_R@WAWN72#@ 1AEQJ8G4O@/%8H$#R.;Y^6
MZ&-(![H@BN^#2! 8!VR_ MRNR \*H#YJ5B3T-V5TTKUDM=#?T3BR^P=4#0G
M@(JJ*Y\-8NQ_\)VFGE,=9]*V3#!K?D&/4V8G652\8S][=(E'0)HNPJ @#K4



L$LTJOCA$EZ0_

MB8WM22R1IR'_EXSTOW81(.%G

#N4

M(G9UXATCW#$@CP5 !UTVQ?(#./+BTXH:M+XR.&Z!

M/@


U$N[&O*0

MKCGGEHY$)[K'(!7\#_9E!.L2C^NO8%-
%2 (*BPG;0@Y!J:BRU5W18?#._PR;!'4&C TT%%



MD PW.V


ECM+U6F
64


MO_?;ATEL?X_X3=@!\RX(IM&6'#L4Z.J))/DIBOL;DEQ28E^W8_?;G8HL92T7


M(Q/+) [/U%P96
#:)SQ U?$S]7^]YF&

#0 VC^J.2UD;



MF-Q%?6QI2 6E1Y4!



'V36
MY(-LLVX

E[C!:58@K'-)0=Q

EGJ@;,JB414+*@!3M]D2_<XPYC(JC*YZ%H1APT%E?B8/*P3





3=7K5


MU XPV
MS\OEG6P

MD7Z5;F']=%#.F@T6L6PL'KESU\
VQ)Q(FB:$Y_HWFPN561CJEJR*_S*C+SR'


MN!DO)!X_ PB-QKPP0_P;ITEHE+ZQ=9_%+GYAJ@YLXBZMFJJZ=JS?T*F_




M3F+]O$9.I'0[3.Y! $3Q@$C5GK'WIP7ZW^7DOC!*FX?(NB/I
*I45OQ%\DBE
M LEY-?A
ELS.?$);O%R*0:[BE
&HV7
EZ!L

K833N($:5!

M1V^^U9O1J2:;2


B=



^*(N&&-C9L)WN;6'XU;D'B4F 0^
MQX^IF3F+!?:J1CF2B0(KDJ$WRLS,)W2^D]VVOXJ0+K7/,)%33=&Z^!A$T:4%
M4^4+?*KSN0T
6

YH/FD

DEV%[U):(#T7H1
M0$!3WK W$R#B$6.%

MIG#T3&3VYE=C

M$M







M15#$)-1R _.Z8CY7YA'JY9UU=DYRP,XJ-)B2[?OJGJY%2E5:@FX?^U6]*8
MRFM+_*UC9Z1;ZY)

_PT
MB.(B &N--ZU*%9PPQCIK
=YV6DK%;(9RANF!ABQ//G0\#AT5O2%U$8NY^?+
M9NV72IBENM9%!;(&*,;OZQE+X6:M:/($WI;&HHFQ'2NSDH52^DR)[R'X];(?
M5K@XG5YF9? O?4Y%XT=ZO:NAWB3P'ZV6[M;-RLYGH'WY\;&T:K%(RNA9SUF6
M!5R3^H8/M\_P@37;$ZYQ

M1\DXFH2N). B$MA46S(#)VI4F[3
_^CUC/]H=RXY0_@:5NU*RXGQ?07'IVA#
MNR3.S#O]Q10D.Y4 3L]6SH




K&%;E35CZLYBH5AS)R

MHM;9-2KFBS
S7P9@-Q@=)KJ
_X)'KJVORFVH+PYV9F;'[O;[=G]KB*'7!UEV
2N7G!/4Z&^:C?[PZDV[<9(86^4('Q9GM.S!X) <.NG
F8S
:?LT


M:P



0V)WCDX*EI*$(99=D



WDD+Y!**\))8J


XJ
T)*V\)C!2NYZZP7 OQ3K/Y-


MQ3_'-BSW+


4<H4$
MRA^4GF^D(6316V6;-Z4-9^R^@+)XLK&2&:J4H*WQV:_^'M5P5WS*6%BBJ-
M7$O<BS!I]4F78V!YPJ!Q I&?42


UA12CO=QHL




:=3QUD7@;&G
76C


Q]&N&G4SNGW
ME;A:JEP1_P\&+_E



M:9&]2X]00A_WD#V*%;GNZYD9XYK&

.9X$\R0JY%PE*]3'
MS$


M=YA@+5Q4%O_'@L3[ M;F
K5JFIWB/4'A85Q97W(7+[H'U*=/.STKCJHDV\9
M]N5)540B[:;&Q_??MC$'U0U+D%?I+JU:%/!7F5?(E.I.
5A=%$OX^@;+1(=


:FRE$%(:DMJ8_:?S$&7M)@T=\U9F8A%

8 GH1$V-):89)!7

MXQ:UN96[PU]QA?]ZSM+_3;RGC=S[%A= %Q^&:)P&P+\+;GO8R1]W-/8G0V?3
M22G?
OR(]*A3P009I(C
X!SM2%9!H;B#TUL=J'PJ
-B

MF


MQTL_$*(!*@P

R$'*

MG@6E!T:MNEI')866O\0EPM@

M4F6_%^.03JLTQZP@QH178;8F)A]H^H@@2)'2U\-N^[)1J(99.YI#TL[!1H9%


M RT
&''6Y!]+^WRZ
V;2==U-J2
MI)[EA;*PC#BQ=(/IH^O:NC+^G)M^=MH8H=1%7F,%LKGS)*XJGVT;'YJ7IR
MM'%#;
 


MD];;(W@ V7L\H&UL3)*AME_I6@

M-RI!X5?K@Y$)\-6X4O]B9 *@Q'X$1\7'0Z8P.]B2^J7?[%_2I3;%CU6$_EG-

1U'L









MOE3[?D YAA_P*+OB)$+KN\Y!QT7AZK0O
J4-#*&BVS[;\&%8^G(7/@SFKQQX
MM 6-R[8Y4I:YY;N _E+1Z;XK):SHB6J(0 :5 !\=(RC4WB'28^2(G75SY$

M(J

'J
M3E\L%?0[R&2U%=9XI.4DIV(/5[5@\E.:I*V+(
9P%HD'W?CA25I=$VFD2%#_
^5%.%=X

U-3

M(


MDWL8%2LZP



M


O
MY!?'R5^61#@8'6:OX[_@D6MLKL8@4+4:WYF9';O;[]O]K=



MXQ@9F6/LJF618V'KC%#81H=



MB)0



$X]Z];TUNE/49_
A

W?B]
T&( U=$YW UC?FW
Y[1$V/D17&T



PC]SDJ



MX $]3OCTWO5$N/$RYCZ7&V7Y
S=)&(* ?1
+Y(]_=QO#IMS\:_\4D?FYXM&6


;N[/HG.LQ!?^2+_W+ 
I:

PI9+P:2OBKMH=UA#[I2V_


M


[95U:=6



WQA;'ESP=F%
MRO7.]ZC_'*/74%#.!
H\:5Y$7RF'RXLH?$&4YA0$Y1BGSXO6HZP#YY#:;0
2

!V?LX MKMS&E;^)W]D;(O9;X7

M;HCV1126%&Q]$8TOT#LG(S''N4A[T;*4%W5]$9FEW0E]BW^7S!AQ=[R+Z_Z
M@V%SM*4@KR+H)







M7;3K:1!W7&UT1//I1;151QN]WBJXJE?1O(]7=SKO:FHD9%87WYF96K/UN!;
M@]8(07JV_?:!:=YWHM9!:-O.%^Q5E\G[R1DZ&DON- 'R6Z.JLOTO27Y[)6Z


MS(
?&*M_)/B/ST$LK%;;NK)XRA;
V?H:!@]NA+W:D:J+WX0O9FY\220GFOCQ
M
:;Q@A8^!^_
ZC('8^#@0G'0NAA+[NE^K410W;.UG)ZMSW:V PT2A%1:^BNC
M\

U@WQSM-0=RZHV.I9%5AA*.S9D^[





IGM]#/F(]A6Z&(%F(2NP_PLFTY#X[K49Y5'
#8

X/$T1H[^$H36
MA-9F2GD:8N0[)C80PPANI+8]63#34MFZ66$P
H)0(/H

J_4'ZB(0%U0!%







MQAITFR 3'C\5T(

MMEN#OT36C-'#8881GFZ$A\:GH:(!MSO5OH4P::=PW_?]@7#P)TX51X1
I]

M*? WFCK^)^R&4

-Z:VC/L8@?!4S#_/+2









Y 9D_Y4O\E)&P;2*P7\&06
ML$#GY-
ZBI

M^M/[

1C5\;XU
MZ^05^VD*8AV5KCQK3MA;O.'&;U79$^9RK;)XB?E<E1A2]:+4\VC\\ Y:NI:


MG)^&?7P^!I/:G*_FQ
Z -2?M]%;

M:\FZ&?4K6NE6W8RZE.2YNAGUB]A8-Z.NFU'7'O#1R:K$=GS4F?1_CR\GUJ
MW8RZXA

H/



M]@G&3TQT4Q@G=)&A9:29U)VVUSA1SUSSU\D*^/+Q\D+*\Q2E$ Y&A[E=^N9&
M?U[-0H&Q'E@J$

0B^NH\X4/?!.@]
?WJA%CT

M;#;3Z
!V7]T_S8--:&X-^KW^OFA^*\;Q!S^*PV0.O[X5T21T%W2ENEFTXE\3

M8

H^IMV<E=<R_XQ3I(%
M7LH.@GITF9^TV/%WT?O[30Q.2:R!4J0[82FVW^9#B&UW^9Q!..P6A*P6A-A


<(X::*5MOU^




](-*+$W3*Z%)*\5:


M$#.T
TM

M/%C!KX/E8GN_;\Y\O
+!7^G]^.^!]05$


IC3(:K43Y%*SK)W?&AT#(A7]6Q]H%/L2^&YQ28^_'MQB+
V/,RIO#SB[THLQ7MBY+=_O&&_.CV)8:N6+OW '31(,U]=Q






M/Q!K










SHE@0?J^RT@GCMU
MJ;-G^43
J(\6+Y?$I@88XZY#&./0P\Q158MERZT(6@X+\^HZT=HVS'P(&%




M
:^HMJ)(776B.V8LPO5DFW@H
K!+6^' PCS%:




M=[))OL4L[_*F
.
TS[M8K^)?+[E_F.ABC$%@(^U%-?2Z*\Q4F^@N;.'E:JXL
M19;6D^:[7BME$]N21%JO@:J9;%H+-3!Z3329\_;J2
UUTQHH%NN%KIT(]U(N
M3M R@T/55[W


_.Y6*NLB9;UB+0J/]HF]P#

(G6HZ

@:3\7\

MH: 10NH

I?
M+
6

M;LE*S06W
U\SW'HC+3(-C9I8\=:CJ*H).D KIJBWG^;V@XD#'IX4P''I



.5Y
M6&ND6F%&M?5J+*1#JM2HVOHIF]X
&[3B%GM?:*[CF\#'^QSQGE'
83U18;LR
M%9
T5'HM.KT5%\J:6X%*1++-F:B-XP=(:1A#??T4?B GW#_E^+0*_\XB:U

VD3GT[F!;TEMAHBE^A7_3YW&IE&/

^'6VU AS=;$

M 9OGIL^EFIM&$Z1Z&VEX
57^+$A

M[Y1)L+ZF3.8


W@Z/#UDW36E#8A8BV&
M9D3$]38@HOQ1



MQ)27TK/\4V\,1_.9H+.@%3 )26$B3:E3BE;!G4ZQ&'JX-E(RB\E[O(5#E8
MRWRH



MN^7OVW+Y_$(L-M*V$%


/27
M/5M99+8OP2A'?2)6?\3P(QOX]Q&[52SI_+SQN/(


;X[
82HG&R#!&&_
P:$^Q




@





MF&M.LF*)JRA9D=-#=]5L





M(FRC7FF I'6E:GK9EC(PQ='9T:P\^QHR


I0

M7

Z6MTXD)][*%MS=M5M\W%! A9(547M5@@7\8DW8G:6%1/ UKGY!2:2


(BX48F

M^8.B)66BN)X4VFV6S/0UCE2&T#FW'-@0I#S.&5?6J?WUB.V*AK.EZ_XEO[

MIJ C(\C6^8DMJ81(G\=3I7IFMT?3NB1^)BP@8I4B4NT

JOD7B_!2/<)#PPE\W\C6!+]BGEJ
M?9,SGGC#JT729RSRK-7 M,U8CC#)W=]
4.V\ ^6N^
?.RZTCBL\(U/RSY39


Q*)G.10  %+_   5    ;6UM8BTR
#$W
#$S
5]C86PN





C-T5

MB5 D=I\$_;11T?1Q^RWCMYOO)-GFOT]/KH([


MV0A^-!J_&VV/WSZ)Z49A_-2G(7DDLP0_['2]GK'

:./%O9P\@L+8

UP6SYKM&XRGV.^.)]=T=N(
6<F4I?&2^N.8X$#HS\



)-;3]G_2F
FJ1EU+ZN.F8=!'WZ
M?,/1J:$;Q/^;B6K,8(UP$QB0_+A\[4#$F
:BC/
H=F#/GAZ(=^A/;.M?B_C

M[-^AQ0Z?[DDD\VM)$;(8&AT1(JZP]$
'5*2$

ET(MMP



MK@ILB]6J_/JO$MMJ8LNGMRKRM/%A+S_W-]6<%L^_6M0F94G- )7RLF4FL[S



2WX@$G6


\A%+80-65 3
(2K!HS71T4N7WJ?8(;%37JI(!&C6XSO-^5H^;!)


N)6HJ/Q;ZSIF@5]@[E+(<
MF1JM*FUM/8@D\RU!.(46!#PA4QN=K)BX]@K=BG4$FQ:F\7!D1K9FVVK&XS-
?10\RZJ-0T+&9@#HZ
Q _N ?1


MUJDS*Z]9ZDZ4-%JZGAB*YZ.6?56[DMX-I
ET2D%O'%Y@.CV.]O$]C9]ON+:4

X8^#




MFZ]I\5ZEQ3

M0-:BIB5T[15


P!SE;J'

MF3





M8%.#45=[URGZB]%2&\([W.2DAY-+Y(!DOQ]'S=?95%5+$VK7*?N+
;4QDG_U

\AK0K#\[9@/H
J7KTY8]8-IN'/]A[7[OSQQ@

S&PP_O)[!8&=([X*R^J[/$8W26D.V
 D*F 7* J]4GU55'5]J(1N:<U


J



MNLTX_M#PR
-?5(3[IS2[


M
Z WQ9_ZQ\-$T6MP<1UJ-M9'&S4SQGTKV19KJ51J
2#C5-GM)P%*W64=84$J$




H+=Y5-2:7A&FGORH;+.L]R4%3I_I6:2_\-I.UF_MV?[0;^B%);




MF#$X?!4%JK7+! *]4]@


73K
]50?P+8*R'J.F!/V;E^BJL7V*NQO&=75NNW
MD\PR$,T5)Q<G.QOGQ,TT,;H&Y8D^,QI0F1,7F_KG]^F<R.Y$+Y0)56-CMDO+
MM(MOZQOW63^HZ&BXTPNF)CA/8A'+#!]NB$?3PR? RHJZ72[39I7DNUM4NDY
MV[U^[ML'
Y6Y^*\P;.'TJ

M:BJGSPK9/\.O4/=76*EYKMO&2O739J7-\HX'LX_B\H[1PK+3J$-JKO$
OL(H
M-*R





&2 UZCD:]4=H^2QZH\F



)$!U$99MEOL=^ 7N
M?
F?_!]02P
$%     @ IX1W2HQ8J!S_
0  G&@# !4   !M;6UB+3(P

M
3

MNV_NBX(B45689A%J@)14^^L/(%E59)$)@R2 &W.1-AN0EFYH.71&8B\;?_




WXLW$KWFK-^]$TW=WAU]^_?#AUP^?_Y_F-R
W






 Z




^7RNCU1UU





M)A1E'2)_PMM0Y$4WO+/D]#N=W2 ^+.+N--P3OP81.7




MK+S H5A**?*Q[CS?K]=.O!VUCXUJTD[XS)L[L3BY7HKS*XZP
'\ KE,V\O7
M[5=[B.O4/[#6[*@'&8K.@,*OS@C=D&EVO)G^I6?+[R(\N
1;S5A#$7L KL/
M.(CTPR7M?J5?Z4]G


5_RQ*)QP?^SP#=ZB1 W%_PUYZ+#%NZG\!^+
M?MZD_SMT#IPU5?Z?_

MC-[).L@X7?

MNRQO1\:$KIG/)H7FRI/.Q%_YOAKQL70:)%_CLQG-\UG6

#F/O&=L59-UBJ&
ME3:$K

IDKX#
*U ZO)YEE @$$-&\5F+*=I$)%JGB(P $SMLW@T?G
M_K!AK8 6ML
^ZZ%^R*8 F!^,XLB+=().U-KFEV/DT
[L:IGZ#R0.+J.M%
A@6+7)3:



D_5=V;RM([/D
MRJUM *7A




/YJ=#?SV






4M+0=P18+-+Y#ER&?+%

6#]H^M0#


M&B2(*GD@V)HF

 \MQY'
MJ*5C










7+[

/9<$;9]\3K7-?W.C'-JU4[=^G+

MQM L#BXXF'*5[6.F%%4&6 

H+

/F8FV7





MK!FQ5G^Y&LABEC_Q

%BCB_035JBOG



MIMB#WJ_NG0][72[FU&'G5%?J E)%]CI!3A

M]UV)N 6NC=$K
WIEND!I.RG8N;CN-_&?DM##'9G
9CC 7#)VS/^8$XK_.]U=
=V3,^;':563&&;';
M3:
%HEOV58ZARN:&G')[3VFB)YJ=^\
/%JDQF[ ]1FKLU;7-V\]W$JDYBAD_
M73%V3)8/.

46/29E
EF@Y+61QSK5#^9K
E^.T@J9XTE34EW+GDK-E&[U;


M1T1-521
I8V- P25ZG1A+SB-) $78*.S*UT:=H?8]#E$EWPH\XBJ]V%O8 V
MD@0U&#Y8*BNJ)['O%3C!JXS.KK)1S?YC^0F!R:6XI L([+\V*R6US8[$6!9


MTSL



M*ZCQ.Q'U+F[$32')M@@0W!\:


M^;:M1PWE3]


MI1O&

M)&5!B]YB!O( 7K;C)Y$B

M(:GN* 0H\BZ+
P D]D.E8!VZ+,-LZO9Q!KVG&HPG;Z8W=-$P=7DH)$2D39
6+9*8K
ML;O]23ZU4!4&KMV1F20..3AD/Y' <);9DYLIC&U.[NAP'/2:25LT2R9SBA*N
MI$F*4AI#57V:SC520ZRV5^!ZD$Q#N+R)A/T-F:D;VMTA4Q0-C+/U \_=,VD



MH#5@%*7-.\#GX6

G:6ZD0$G)[
=*@WT(KJ9YV&T9X1FC;#K32\:!



#


@\#XW





T
M]'_C/E]R_BEV VWMEV@&I'N =] ]:]U&E
]N/$'





M]@

M*YMK2N/EI/%RTG=[.6G
^;4C;6#

%U:!4-;AM;]KE#1
D27PK:5ERPK-+(]^[V6W![
ML,^+W7%6F*%GH;M)I








M*UW!
QB3-IU*F5^8SUP/J6P'B
)B:+0X!P$R7+EHF[8B+K^SXNE#*S^G@LY^
ML'3X!R&S*=&C07+'@!
ZM)

+$LY%U:#$G)&5

M%;78R5B59JQ*4S]5;KA5:0JC_P:S/X]61RCT%DN7_JFXVZBDM/RNHZ;DMF67


M%&'I;%O/KMPEFLX*_*I

3.]EEHK

M?K95[74$ *?!9RO?^6CTL




M)IH).

M&#G=_5M#SCGMY%T=_B'
S

U
MY? 3]E'HLYW!*/Z \9-1V8^:FGMPI6PY^KY\C*=%7G9L'A3_9)4XM[7H[88
MC]I2@(:$1:OA!?XKQGYRK2G]!0H][:6PDMAB!.L*T;9G&+HNFE2V%5;P.F-3
MC7Q0*I+DZ49F%)*.HNAJ



MN&;?Q\ROO8)W\5BDRCE0L9-6DMH/HZ8(('9F'\K
WBI:5P]8Y\]2F!34(U
M 
24W(-@F?4O5 XUFJXC:9VVFC.M0#L X#1E $.DAC
3-N





0B)QAATPA73$UQ7/9IUHX5V8^:G1E


INEDB([
=/R3R$E.'K6 6^D_U@S;9P9ERB:%&9-EHE-4 ]
.RD
M4H @&KY/+
YV]=%JVR1S724'INEC<KTZESI['O)35<BP
ME^A!DL/5W3?M'S!=RPX.
[/Y


)MUPFUR.B;^/V

_

:R

M%E1=*4V2\6VM\6VM-BKYBCU541I[V\3N\CTE66R[0Y\PJ*HB4FADJ)1U29$5

:+-NYVB1GI*/=


M




MW8E0N2
9.




N49C



JC\^C%'7@PZ^LVL3/KU&\<&!E_^TS_F
MTMI0/HVK?CCXN[Q
F;A6P2^B)2A[G$O!5BF6OM2IBF$7[:GM0+[KVWN^Z]
M7(])/GFASXW#SMET.[KN1M?=]^^ZN_50Z%)

*;0PY
DIZ;@49K8?C4E:LL!QW%:/G%/YA0E; /;
MC&BTT\;2C:64] 3U)$.P86FP)NA+0#63Y4.UOFV]2AE<MS$SWWN@1/_?

YSOEWYV@ZNR$K-TA3/Z?A
7Z5O#=]CE P]#AWS[]2Q38(M6\:=@\JBXLQZ2^*!!,+1<<VF&,23D[
M(S3;J30AT^YN6/#5% N\E-W4(I[+B1


NLJ]7#=]1.(Z<#A/4@V8.+D*<R,M'Q+

M%(@;4M*ZKN_J%7XHEG7-V' R/IR


J'OX0_%SA6KA4T1E[+Z4Q(J 4X/;1Z:HE!@1GYFZ!*')G
M$9+7)-&B'43Y%WU)(%P:%X4QFECXT7*'406[&KNYG5ZA2F]7\M[ICEM
ZA%Z

M..J'78VD_3F\0V?3H_-3UN?/8W74T=GU(SF[-K


]XNA;Y5X%CN[6H/'YM]7:U@:'/-)\XA8A'VCD6N&5VIBA!5


?.Q)_2I@DA!:.K\7Q
M'2E:/_]W



KW8MHQGM/2+O[L KL/


M3
'.VW   '6;!@ 5    ;6UM8BTR
#$W
#$S

M_YG==\!I=VTD

&LF2KD\V)@MF(IG1BHQ(142RR/[T

^_!OVO4_K$6GP.'_H+?.C#
M'^%#_Z/Z\W7T2)


M[YZB:



;UQ'):\*!G%&Z%HZO\PKK*F&Z
M$%G2]-VG^R_^=ZUY0K@N84$F:;1/&B3GT#_O_[CZ_;+X7CY
9HM8Q;6OG:M


M*71 ^^YB*(6'(SIH0Z+4


*4@
M&E:9T VIQ&5));PW_V49H4[M(]1IL!'JU#)G2)I;0,H[0AUBFR$NDJ?:5'
MXDIQE4[2^63^#+N!Q4
V62SB)(Y*6IRQ_WC*\OA?W-L9QJUM_/I878SN.N







Q

T0R)

M96B]IFU_QM.R$B9EP_[^T TKKA@;!UA)Q%O3:L U;3OX'4?CJD$-6U=($2:&
M;%/D+O*Z8*?J#'NMRGD_)ZHT\#L'Z$; 5GB V9?$BN*

N=SD

M
&9.3^[8@7=)I)=&PR8KQ&M&@4^7:]5#CW6\&M(T\7%

MC!(C:2PZ/@GD!+]+)J

M
 +NI6I02@:GDQ
\R?7


MEX
ZRRD+WRZC69R =8;;XPI!KU

WK 'BHLCRUYNL-Q





M+CS3_#%K7A8:4ZV!DI;IR)+E]Z*SJ_C-



B0NS :WT-.9^SY)FY
MK^LXI=.%V\WK/NYJ/E; W0WHET/M.L$)\Q(H 9/4JD2T(636=5YB ,'-I!K
M.&7KR/9Y:;GC5YCS&CXY:*$@V CD*J227/58!1[H/D*3H;IR324\$8;-;2&
AN\;';84PG&)PA+NB&W!#BI)(G7 &9^VGN-Y\E
M45%
5*T+I_#F(051<C6B(KI<_Y#0J-OFK



M3#;E
LO-V0QTPG[?##8![K\)K))$0R
C/'D;%H0)DR:-.*HUIG



JS!NGF5
$&W7

MW




RDT.%Y6S

A\\=]+RF?'0UHY?[T:84?  :BU29W+JG2+J:J!;S+UY*FL[I_&-4

MZ4J0@_SH/1DT=-$ DR_$K+.\).=\\?VPV;7RV7*:4A97/RRS31'!$P!P@912
@AVU'WM@Q2K,ZO_LBPLJ4#4%
MNK^A:'D%(.U@ 3(A6_F6YG'&QKHYK((9;!G(^6YW)<PA 7IJ)B@0J:EA!!F






MCDX_9

LFBX]JZ1\4L&!;P^
M%3HB(@@H]+00 @2+AEP=,E6JRSE1Y5YWJMBNBF+,DKGS&7I':)1R?-(XV#
M8+PQ: BD@-

BE$E'.P3;'O((/GW_NGK
5#8/?O?%(26LFBZ]
M'U$P0X5(SB#*98@0KF\*N;L8D7ODOU-%;0:9'TOLVKA#I=:)4$4W+ATRZY

1S(
8R2H:KXT8@C9
L1FXPI?AML[4_:0'OT!'DX;


;9QQUO5YH&F-.
M[Y:3BR(:GHU!*VTT

WO^+;R:'CE %+[



M)QTBKH&#&+=YMJ:

+[_.Q&8#:UAVT



HXV\WLRAP




M^;\@$B[R.
0^:M$0Y+'%0BHY=.1QB(V&

1KBIT
MPDPK#S6R@6)[
].4@F@C?N31)?




MXPE\1\CVHJD



Z& @TM24L/[S6
QR^
U
M@#;%\R:E0
[/8(#&%2HTT/#
:;)39)*#S2N=IC_O&/)W_\XY\J_X?1T=W1
M




M;3:#]*MO.DTT


9+






< FRYB(X:#!=TSPKU4]


MW&:F6;6\#G)N)O0&/K



M277PR%J5V)5HGZ7M?5@^VO:LARVVX\&C+)'$Z(U=7 P9[*=)S_XGYUNCBG
MC^5YM3IZF]-5O%EI#'?0\YJHPM6


MT

MSUPZJDLIP3R@NXE:'VDO K$7=0:O\[



A7=17II&40/.86N=1NQ_

Y\YB'3Y..N1VPZ9Q$DK
3P



M8ZT817 


MO+NI!GLDQV*

M/M






M)$FB8981GK0Z 
+O'D$:#M$WXH&6_@[TY(.GI4'WM-;ND'6O/_0??JB'(QQ]




S0;:'$Y=7-Y.8
9RB19S-*YP6L0]9Y\::+_IOW




M60 Z\PL'G]KH$OK(N+FD0B-

M_NN
S51BMTA-JQLN9+.8HX_=-(IH?-P8M%(JMBS/L\]LXEF0+_-&]RMP?^Q3



MADU8I\WS5];!^*L

MG$F]M&MNJFAB\7%XI8


=(A0(N625@X-;B8@


M)UFQR:DE+-J]6-]3['U4PC#.WZ5

NT$M.$W'

;VNY6' XZ[\4&18X6GHXEKDJ%')=-L?!V
MS+HNF#R*DODAC+9LOF%U6/X;':LLXYNC>F
/DJ
M92Y[-5W\&.5Y)+_L




VI;)\1ZEZKHQO%[J7@X-WF$-8,NU2W[!/2*YWWK6[Y$%\T
M7R#M)\A/]4?^T<WNXG@%8+IHDH&S(S2U*Q*T.MQ=RW0WK%V20H--;70I(.]
M7! 8U(IR@IU&15SP


=91!O5.L3IIH
MZ#@*KA3$;E:KB$VFF
OKE$
4C






MBU?CU;V=8MGJ.80RPC=X,S:$O0:E GXC799FD .Q#AA=':LQTDLMYXU'

INEM


MA.


MO5?KRH2;+H('JM3F.+Q



M: ;D

*UXJ$:^+P






M&)

MO=Q
Z%T 



U_%&[(S.V

M
!'=/BM('??MXPO!N_)!S3+UV_[A0O[1:@&]^NSA1]?.X^.=RR]CQDFW$@*

4XQ=+NK!J;L]9A

?/

9G$2ERYO=+KKAXD@'



B^M'UY@3K$=F9K^L&X
MPC#2?RL+[*R?;LJB9&%Z?9GCXH7FL[C8QS
6UH6

IO'
M

6.)



+UG:]/5




MO'W
A.&D^1[NN_M_LB,TGEQR9J\#MFN(/%GE-QN'I-X-F53F)QU2TTMC=#W
M?)MDG%F#2R5NRFBX.A:Q.AE[5@GQT#M08&9,YZUJ+*.Y_#+X3T0-[C&5.7S

M92&0H[+O

1/UR7\ZKMO2'+&'%)''YZCG.M@ X
MVB'8J6(/-@@;OXZK7_LT6=O/GQLEZ.T;N*V9P$[4L ^SEN.OS75YB\MP!X
M:P[ 4Q1N_/IOR@$8(W%W!X N


MI%
W7)A





M&#+'







%[8E#ITLOB4.*U)YA;S3'%F;




MT;!7QFR;E*3IAOG;1546NEO8'R/H7RFL3D(^#GWNVZ&8WXRW:I#]/+=]&324



_01$2;((


 I0QG();I'EL--%JHHOR#'=%!-Z)LA=YQ@1-'

M#W@7'5U?WP*[I2%YK#^XG8YJ/5@?
-N/'CCJXKBT;CENX*2(QJF
06N^U2Z2

M7=!6):'A]$[PI?O*F]4CS?G1KT83GM!H7T-^@I?/Z?R$%/P#!SI$)VM[I[U
M0@-/G?H/UN-49]TLMX.$3H!;PX1&J6#

:WV?E+[#QUD=T=';!)NH\&3A= __H2

MU!R/V7H*!!==(5WD=

\.

M51\-9;


MJ]T3%G3
JW/.JNES_W=ORQ J6

GRCO




ME@.

M\Q5*=
[=#:ZU'ZXK15+=LL3AY*^S] EN\G7.GL9PEKE]QN*V#B&NTAL6ZC]\


WT5!C4,4AQ(*GGV@[560[82;\^K^J2#


M*'[WQCX5K(93W1]Q
$6!:-C^M0A?PL0QPSI+HJ)HZ#W-[^*G95F-DY1[XY;[

9I?/BDK6GVU

:!.J&!:M]\ATJ
M'=)\'L/:8)1H 
E
^


M:]%='\87Y]:OAIL6B$?HA8IYC6;H(E^E4G!/
A;ID'K\L9-!E-+DJZDW'@-Y




*X4SV/(
S7S<QLU;5M 9Q?(.L
MU@Y$7;WX'I9E2:
'#

)YR.
H'%1EYR6 ?;?B7B =A0/8


T
MH.SS(UY[CMBHO^CO#0N@!_(2.EIC2JF[,B?D%/Z%*?\M:O'*($M^+?13N1

M@O;9]_I?0!




M;Y4*G7]]!E%9DIA['F+^!)IM^]U*%:'^13KW.]O6OEFLFF]?B#56AS@?

7:--^@5QIGN-$J]



;S)57FL*U]^DPOY7L%W


MK:]._MM9*594FG









MW=0!FL'#I UI7D/#(]G8*B14TL-MW8@VJ=/ *V^5M2P

^=D]/'!(^UXAGR
A__:6^QX
M(W


M/6]+XYHN

MQ23


:AV'5$Z443'S&GUP'_G0I-D*4EI20I0Q.%;
M:IOH

M
T/0)L+4LFC9
@#H3I62*1V(*)
HXH*Q151YNK

B&5&B[T6T$;X@ ';650L84::SMED(IK-8(8);)LD2?89[ORIK'%0
M\D8
9P

M0T?@^^C\(;OBAYFR7!E:N6IZ(]8X4QIVN:GAH-@HK-H;Q3%7@$@HKE5P+'E?






E8]X[Z$F^+I_)I]
%/99#5L49T[Y*-9UY5
8A[8U7HN&I1I';!&







Y6;Y:_-F


=


;?:Y?

.KF@HBP:VMG*#*S=7K0?G081'K%6Y(^3*
M8=ILPTBTHOE$Y^CZOR-K#R4XJ?8K*3()Z\


14V?6VKZ''--G[O5]'G0FCZGC^7'J-S RQH7+R5-YRR
R])R


PV


MU[ #[R[2

NN@HM7SGB'
<#6BH
75]C<U' UTRC,\H4L48SH=VNN<5<
M'Y[*CNL2@JSC /X4LJJ



U33Y\SBQ]&&QOYG
M:K9#C[
ZP ^?

@@CJMQ
MG+!*F=M9/\D;+;*JU,2])ZX8I.<H; %3'FB^<FFC6A9] PV .K6.:)R2:1TJ
MK+_)GGD/[1P%@$NYXGR /L1W4O,6[H\PHD,EJPXV2KDEJDE--T/;!RLH3;P



MRH.MZG4]FV._%^)F%OO7K'.I) @9IBDMXQ6]2)^B)ZK+)J$2PM60!H129N*4

MC[70 +^W!+E=V49U@L%&GSJV8YH56YP=WS99S&Q9+.OX=C+)JE.XL\XA;6


MT.3CYT\^!F_+N^CS1X8CCZ/$P95*TGC;30?5[$:9%JG5L#C1N^PU2LI78-PT
MO:'E?918@AVE!N*F




MW


M2F%K





MU#9

SQ
*5^OTJ+


QZVE@[8/3O ?TO=

W\[\0W*_


NA:M$9E'S7;*!#U=7T*O=;;*&;Q-:DW+-XQ?.?9+

M7_V;(PC&U4?[[.AQ_.RH.6]_EJ5E#A?7H@3R!C]\SM0D]@X#(;M#U8')1]NG





L[G\S:JZZB!P+(JEJ-3JIL$..OO[T&C1Y_8-TI
MR_6I2 :_XZIK-;AA50LIDKEF%SE45?_XX_U5JGOTL/LCKDI6(!O6,!,A39P

H
M5E_DMAJGCZP!MP(OM6J]\A-5*S^#!?SF[EK6%A6FK;/\%U@I$Q-NN2E[/R-K
M*14VJ2&$$)D)J2!U_ \:Y9?


!JKJWQ:QX@[+XI6)_0Z:QPM@]#QF)1(&!<DP
M;F$#X+^9]W&M*KB:UAFORZ5ST





K
M+A*IH
DINKD
OK:_6'R$A=J
YR5/7)BI$$=

:.ZK-$QY:%:O9]&MEFMK5*[LYGR*Z19D9K:

M@B0K-CDE/P6^Z:!Y-5&_BVQ3P-5CFC='X4,O0'=K--TN9*XP@_Z*Z
K1U'


&GV5XF[]/^]UO';J6=Q2T&&G






\_:&)H(]AU]@G14'+

M7@.X855W1$/SE]^XK











M%6.C NIF4^%T;*^.*IIV8L
QI(4U!)@V'=2MI8'JV&5=CU10])HYQMZR01X
MJ-3?[W-I/KTVXH9T .W2I*P8 G5;A9F#S4XDS=N.#-6N+(NNJ^ROEFVX[4I



M68&[[W0A)_ W=5B5/**II1-
;:?
@[BGC.@= ?N#)JAI_.E6<9Q&U$C;0%Z9!S7






M1Q!

M6;=?ZSH$A7$M[BM,(Y8UC-5MDAOT4X%GY8^V$9I555W63\M!^=RPX:-5 $



MHDZ(*(Q4I=737?8#W+Z-4\**)+Q


T

C Q-S Q


MW'SS



MFO:UD3#Z
\N'=Q4'?IHKFO$SGK*%^*\W5;








M_$?RX+_P^?5

S[E[S]T/MLM_MM

M;*C@#@;8V C!I(/?U\[(ZE/0W;C)Z+9L_GP=&_0Z_
MOP=UNO0W+T1YLI9
M%G) Q#4J2N-D.[IN6 5]PB'?LLWIG*5T):YJGQF99^$51Z@WH;3\OD.)G;\\



M?5P88
4

MK!W6UT8S:2_CK!]W


MGV36H0C 'QG$_FZ_B5AW-0@?-0'?Q6L_3-?7G':5K4KSQLGZ-B$!R16N.D[]
M@_@)$-C^OSRTE


K\HON[PT2\I(2OF#
JHZ$3#J(



T+?\O%_*WX0
MC'S[YMW[




4*/V/&*4OY=H%#!

RNV0L(XEN
M U:2 )'Y'A




MN_9M1-YJ![VSXI]AU^'M U_R^


/K\



M9N^0(B%G$(?P13T[$3W(_U5+.)RDIWZ2K/G5-X^;56







SB0V/G.A[Z
MC-$Y)3






2




M(
JQ(


0]PANX_

(
!M[,SS

TNF\'*)N





MOIH=K=@





J3U$%!N7



M



M6+'!5JX%
A.K$(E8CE*NW].BKOL=X0K.:$KN2?)

M@0: YL1CTKB!(4&T+11%-
ZRA$^S8KQY_G_QZXLX*5G1FLVLND%S# -M)K;B
M08ULO6S*(= J^T%S@&N)K4% /=US0(IVZK-E2!@[?R%)0!F9SG_UD\27A^B(



M$+0+YWEK[:;

M1D)EK\XSVKHUAAJDY^#&M;.#/\3W)$U#4KW\)O-YF6XHYBZ=9[
=?@V#RLW%

M4F'4SG/[VA7C-D@#(7[EBR3ED(&P[1)!T7(?!03@'0=(O=;!^. ^.
94 L/U



MCS!JYRD0]MB8L%4+Z34N]9?1








VM9JNR5S0B(B&7

MD]8N#13

31XH$D*SC.30HHWOBM

M+U!]Z;\\*=Q7U49.KU
W)GR*)
F:SX:\ IVM4NR10[4!4QR

M116L;_LOBMJQ.KRR8F?9TU.8B\D/*S%=1O

ML*B6&(I;;U?0SD0OZ

M+-NG

VM;R[ G?6\XT
M92Q.UN)CFU/T3OZ\ E0H

'[XVW%1'_

M+(G91-91]RZC8?840Q/U(FD+G.A]3?-.\=T-=U&*!LFDOL]6*S]93^?W=!'1
M.0U$K8%B&1)V;2Z+H!Z+TYC2/^Y.Z;(S

MTD6LP^R!:\-)J$V'AM([GJ!FQ':=PU9R03(3JW(?TDH?C7GWT^Z\JTCS[7-+
M[#3Z7%ZZQ#S5 *1NP^KEH]OB 9AW=KTXGGU@+/?C[*U%A60J%B=]
=;+Z)KX
MZ:



M:3:.?'!6^[I5)XXG





V,$<YGSA2
M\/9,,D617/&3A8&J3@1]S0\-/  1(,%*7GE/<+F&7+E@Y.7^M#@9R.6UA7'



QDH(-!V@P!
\ Y0%#N!.XY78B@M38I&8P<@
MN ,HD'CL-I:RP0'HN9]$G$7QOLG]DHL%#*21$ H@'IL.4!8X@-L&K,M;RH*

M$
MR@8%U

Y+76*=

D? 7ELK;K.P==K/)Y /F%'] P?W+ ZLQC[&(4=5/LV4(U

MVA:ZB;=7RTA6;@7#!!QCW17)[;/NNZ_?/LMG==:'7.UM^QY%I9;.9(C.].M
M05,]D31-[NAB4N?;M^E:[.RK0JT$UGO]IIJ!.!)W+1EF
A=FW/U*-GQ@G0N


^


O5;
I
MG^U3?H/E)ZO5-CA0%: %)!Y/26H;KGK9SO#: M[L%P;:6@BDAH&/ASQ
QAN7

B

#7 W+)?]0X



 ++

AHG<8KMEP^.*XFT8
M\7S14K#B;7@175;<'VY'=L0!3:E<#_%\8Q]2K1I+ZKV8_/JZ/G&L?XWY_X=



KHE8UGOQ+Q*J939Y)XB](XYU$E8%D^'&X
[O^37!66KTH99OVP&X7M/ J1$#0_(*2M_(*MF
MJE5_W'L-5%&%!E=E:F7RC/GF#R!U^M@+5XV &BHV-ELY=@^ L=A[8F6?U5<Z
M%0TUI[1.O+V7'143%%1+H.[[M7.76FRLR'Y2$<STGEM%@..BZ$LT=F EH;$

A/%/OFN/+N
M


%:XL^+,NC5APS*MB
VG9G9?WY]4[1&8D5?%MMH&:*3%8S49IXH2<K1@(KN&(;9@*G3*<!G6
M$8T(%RT?. R.BB&:K(H&

MIMD$:ESM+X\9!(:


M ^#B'&@!M9




M3@)AC#S





N$U(J_(Y@$!N#B?[._W+-1YQ0/P0+7D*#
MWX$+8 +[IE


MW9ED*]@+V4

AHHAM/+268!



:CBD-QY0&YTB
/:7A&$&*()/A&$':


M R6#XPQ_K+-\K+.
S/(VHCK+U53_#QJ&XG

+*B*BJ1]NF&%BI*;S

M7


F


M$2Z?GBYC$S[@65D$1W'W:C9Q;E2&W;5D?.&8'96QK0R$+FN]%A%)@:D:+HAX
M/(4G+&2! SRL-42P5:2PK$R4HOR^4M*HT5&V5+P7%Q!38]/ZVC&4YOS#G&





L

$X/XXJU$:




HW4YVW1


M'0J;H9V&/F-E:0:]*4!#
D9


/7)!52/U\]A?&::(*M1+.]5L[K?,$DJ^ .Q^'F87U\@[UV
M.OGV^ :[2P2UVGA\@WW(76,\C[ ;-A48(,K6S@NJ=0$010X=J+-ZGT?$
XB
MC8%NO69S'.N8G4NOR4$M\
TE&N68/D?LB01T3LG
=%W6D!#1:9AN^HF4'A

MQX@5O[--D^(%U5_\

ML?WPTH

E









M



M!;Z(DSFA:28\$+TO$=*/N:[W

@ZH1'SZ] CER=MB[)PO84 N#EK2\O)M3GK




FYSA\T&7($^-V-@XL$AWIB7VQ[KY5D/8*1

/G.KC9)!C




M9]^]ZR9YXECNK'O/XS&?PK7D]Y; 8S[%

M'%OKZFGJ8W9GWW0-]2%WC8X%/PJE



:Y7-$TMQ=.HIGP

*Y]V#6NU7K
8Z@;?6[

QWW&Y[


DJSB)5=1@3D6L[



M8%C8R0+'Y;@H3ED

B]

'R]- C2HZPL:XR6)2
D,\. .H*@Y-/8LJ0$$EFF:ZW$7&GY;G)SLKY-2$#R-XDJ)[2(+]=6
MG?MHEQC;+#I7#L



4Q':QQT<A@APLZ3Y?W]5=YLKPS']M@8:.VGGP
MQP%SPR23(9 Y%U7&Q0ANJ!4F<CKG@2&MT=#)8952L#//_^P) GQYRG1YVL#

8TYJ'OCW$/%0



M._0V/7I?EWW^%5FUWPWS-@=.+1$&S\HH'8\ *(YN1JRNK2MT;L:-.I5OHJ=K

MO-WX*T

M









3


M ;+^  !M;6UB+3(P

3
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4     GA'=*C%BH


3
Q7W!R92YX


